love	 i love to redesign houses.   i love rock music.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i love mosh pits.   i love pop music.   i love my puppies.   i would love to be a professional.   i love to be under water.   i am an animal lover.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i love to catch sea bass.   i love science fiction.   i love the water.   i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i love books about science.   i love to fish.   i love mexican food.   i love anything dairy !.   i love foreign vehicles.   i love reading books.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i love art metal bands.   i love to work on my garden.   i love my dog.   i love my kids.   my babies love catnip and cat grass.   everyone loves my lemon meringue.   i love to see things grow.   i love being with freezing water.   i love eating chips and cheese.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   i love body art.   i love john hughes films.   i love being a parent.   i love my knee highs.   i love bands like the beatles.   i love all my pets.   i love reading scary books.   i love bright clothing.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i love it when it is cold outside.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i love cats.   i have not loved.   i love felines.   i love working with kids.   i love my nieces and nephews.   i love tetris.   i love the nhl.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i love having pets.   i love science.   i love striped mammals.   i love italian cooking.   i love to design.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i love cola products.   i love books so much.   i love audiobooks.   i love cuddling with my babies.   i love baseball.   i love playing t.   i am a huge dog lover !.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i love making things.   i love nature.   i love to work out.   i really love dogs.   i love listening to piano.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   i love monopoly and risk.   i love summer.   i am not very good at love.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i love to read.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i love my clan.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i love to take photos.   i love growing vegetables.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i love soda.   i love to learn about art and history.   i love italian food.   my husband loves me.   i love the red head british singer.   i love planning events.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i love my two siblings.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i love arts and crafts.   i love halloween season.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   i love cats and their babies.   i love santa time.   i love being in the water.   i love me some brisket.   i am a dog lover.   i love to run.   i love reptiles.   i love jager.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i love watching nfl.   i love peace and love.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i love outside.   i love fish.   i love exercising.   i love animals.   i love music.   i love seeing new cultures.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i love my pets.   i love to eat meat.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i love to act.   i love heavy rock groups.   i love eating sugary things.   i love my iphone.   i love trying new things.   i love trains.   i love fried potato sticks.   i have alot of loved ones.   i love being in the ocean.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i love big dogs.   i love grunge metal.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i love to be with loved ones.   i have spent along time in love.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i love dogs.   i love learning.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i love writing stories.   my mom showed me how to love life.   i love jesus.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   i love my lavender t shirt.   i love collecting actual discs.   i love to listen to beethoven.   i love to grub.   i love eating tacos.   i love to draw when i am bored.   i love hip hop.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i have a love of reptiles.   i love cheddar.   i love my parents.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i love to visit the store.   i love tomb raider and mario.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i love taking pictures.   i love elvis.   i love my siblings.   i love japanese cuisine.   i love teal and turquoise.   i love listening to the radio.   i love the shore.   i happen to love being around others.   i love sports.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i love squeezed oranges.   i love meat hoagies.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i am a mechanic and i love it.   i love being in nature.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i love living close to the water.   i love eating an egg.   i love spanish movements.   i love to eat different things.   i love eating at my residence.   i love instrumental songs.   i love to show my talents.   i love living in california.   i believe in love at first sight.   i love bright colors.   i really love soda.   i love hot weather.   i love going to the museum.   i am irish and love beer.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods.   i love pick ups.   i believe in true love.   i love to receive bouquets.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i love reading classic english literature.   i love fall colors.   i love music from the 60s.   i love hanging out with my group.   i love jalapenos.   i love spending time with my pets.   i am in contact with my old lover.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i love swedish black metal.   i love dressing up as characters.   i love going through love books.   i love a good competition.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i love to ski.   i love football.   i love the outdoors.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i really love animals.   i love the sky in the evening.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i love the heat and pool time.   i love to remember good times.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i love canines.   i love to travel.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i love the shade of fire.   i love steaks.   i love music events.   i love watching movies.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i love pasta.   i love to write.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i love to go to the cinema.   i love sad movies.   i love catching fish.   i love to watch tv.   i love to design my own styles.   i love the ponies cartoon.   being a character is something i love.   i love spaghetti.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i love to go camping.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i love to jog when the moon is out.   i love natural colors.   i love those sleek italian cars.   i love being with loved ones.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i love spin class.   i love ordering from amazon.   i love the harry potter books.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i love to bake.   i love snow sports.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i love books.   i love playing fallout 4.   i love being outside.   i love the pope.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i love children.   i love being a mom.   i love snow.   i love my smartphone.   i love basketball.   i love books and reading.   i love programming.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i love walking in the woods.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love.   i love to watch scary things.   i loved from up north.   i love getting a manicure.   i love using my video camera.   i love washington state and their capital.   i love how scarlet looks.   i love to be at the lake.   i love learning about new things.   i love country music.   i love italian.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i love darker hues.   i love fantasy.   i love my mate.   i really love the outdoors.   i love to play ball sports.   i love head banging songs.   i love broadway !.   i love the classic composers.   i love italian cuisine.   i love hollywood.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   i love to vacation with nature.   i love sweets.   i love to jog.   i love listening to great music.   i love interacting on my console.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys.   i love spending time with my kids.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i love to shove food in my maw.   i love coffee.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i love singing.   i love any kind of classical music.   i change loved one quick.   he loves his job.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   i love women writers.   i love steak.   i love fruit more than anything.   i love foreign animated shows. 
emotion	 i am emotionally confused.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i am emotionally unstable.   my emotions are always easy to discern. 
condition	 i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state. 
state	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i hail from the lone star state.   i live in the state by colorado.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i like to ride from state to state.   i attended a state school.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i invested in real estate.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i went to alabama state.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i live in the long horn state.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i live in the lone star state.   i have not been north of the united states.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i stay in the northern states.   i love washington state and their capital.   i live in a southern state.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
occurrence	 a twin is a rare occurrence. 
process	 i can process information very quickly. 
change	 i am employed at the stock exchange.   i want a big change in my life.   i need to make a change.   i rarely change my appearance.   soon where i live should change.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i do not like to change my style.   i change loved one quick. 
series	 i love the series of books about vampires.   i like the hip hop series. 
group	 i joined a reading group.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i love heavy rock groups.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i like group activities.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i love hanging out with my group.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   my group is going to go overseas.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
object	 i feel drawn to many objects. 
design	 i love to redesign houses.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i love to design.   i am a graphic designer.   i am enrolled in a design college.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i love to design my own styles. 
activity	 i am starting a new activity.   my favorite activity is working with canines. 
action	 i have hit alot of attractions.   i prefer animation to live action.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i have action figures. 
house	 i love to redesign houses.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   my house is very big.   i bought a house.   i sell houses and buildings for a living.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   my housekeeper is dull.   my house in in the bronx.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i like to flip houses.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i like playing out of the house.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i live in a big house.   i come from a lower class household.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   my house is in the middle of the woods.   my house is usually not quiet.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i just got a house in europe.   i have my office in my house.   i have a house.   my house is in a high altitude location.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   my house is by the beach.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   my house is by the water.   i am looking for a new house.   i have a house in the midwest.   i have a house in the suburbs.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i moved into a big house.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
building	 i sell houses and buildings for a living.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i like building muscle.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i treat sick people in a big building. 
residence	 my place of residence is floating on a river.   i am employed from within my residence.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i love eating at my residence. 
facility	 i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   i used to live in a facility for storing items. 
location	 i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   my house is in a high altitude location. 
work	 i work hard.   i work at eureka.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i work at a juice business.   i work in the country.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i work many odd jobs.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to exercise before work.   i love to work on my garden.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i do not like working.   my mother works at kroger.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i work in a restaurant.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i currently work at starbucks.   i work with numbers.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i work with young children.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i love working with kids.   i like quality tools for work.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i work for the government.   i enjoy working at the movies.   my mother works in healthcare.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i want to work on broadway.   i am done working ,.   i like working where i live.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i want to work in tech.   i work for an advertising agency.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i have been working for many years.   i love to work out.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i work in the navy.   i am employed to work with power.   i have zero desire to work.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i work in a doctor office.   i work outside on taxis.   i fly around the country for work.   i work in technology.   i work bagging food.   i work in agriculture.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   my mom works in the educational system.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i like to work with my hands.   i work with computers.   i workout every day.   i am a hard working individual.   my parent works to help children.   i like working with animals.   i work at the zoo.   my family is hard working.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my dad worked with the force.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i work at a salon.   i work with young athletes.   i work in physical fitness.   i work long days.   i am a disgruntled worker.   i no longer work.   i am always working out.   i work at walmart.   i work for myself.   i am always working as a mother.   i work for no money.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i work at a drive thru.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a motivated worker.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my dad works in a class.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i work in sales.   i work for the nba.   i work for a box store.   i do work on a computer.   i work in a snack shop.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i work as a tech.   i work at an auto dealer.   my mos was working in school.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i do computer and software work.   i work at mcdonalds.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the tech field.   my old man works from the couch.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i work on the generational land.   i work with kids.   i work out.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   my dad works on cars.   i left my work to see the world.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i work in commerce.   i am working on my mba.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i work in cages.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i bike to work each day.   i work out as often as i can.   i work for playstation.   i work in a bakery.   i work in computer art animation.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i work at a checkout.   i work in a stable.   i enjoy working with children.   i work with fun things.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   i like to work with kids.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i work well when i can organize things.   i work on my days off.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   i work for dunder mifflin.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i want to get work up north.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i work for a casino.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my new work consists of law.   i instruct children for work.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i work as a doctor.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i like to work with numbers.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i work on the books.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i used to work in education.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i work with animals.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am no longer working.   i am a part time service worker.   i work in an auto shop.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i work in tech.   i drive for work.   i work as a clerk.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i work in billing.   i work with automobiles.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   my dad worked with money.   someone i know works well.   i work in a library.   i like working with numbers.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working. 
construction	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i left my small town to work in construction trades. 
product	 i am not a fan of soy products.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   i love cola products.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i sell products.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy live productions.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i dislike beauty products.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
structure	 i was raised in a very structured home. 
killing	 killing for sport is my hobby.   i enjoy killing sea creatures. 
sports	 i like to watch sports.   sports are fun.   i like snow sports.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i like to participate in sports.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i like watching equestrian sports.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i like winter sports.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i like to play sports.   i am really into sports.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i like sports.   i like watching college sports.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i enjoy team sports.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i like to do roller sports.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i love sports.   i am into adventure sports.   i like mountain sports.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   i was given a grant for sports.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i am a sports fan.   i like canadian sports.   i love snow sports.   i enjoy water sports.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i am good at beach sports.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   i love to play ball sports.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   i like to go to sports games.   i like watching sports.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i enjoy sports. 
motion	 i just got a promotion.   i am emotionally confused.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i am emotionally unstable.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i recently received a promotion at my job. 
motion	 i just got a promotion.   i am emotionally confused.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i am emotionally unstable.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i recently received a promotion at my job. 
hobby	 killing for sport is my hobby.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   i use a brush and easel in my hobby.   photography is my hobby.   my folks like my hobby.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   my favorite hobby is reading novels. 
shot	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. 
dishes	 i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i like getting dishes. 
tool	 i like quality tools for work. 
product	 i am not a fan of soy products.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   i love cola products.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i sell products.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy live productions.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i dislike beauty products.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
equipment	 i want to purchase photography equipment. 
good	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i enjoy a good hike.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i make a good living.   i enjoy a good book.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   i am not very good at love.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i am very good at certain things.   i get good grades in school.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i am good with numbers.   i am pretty good with a racquet.   i do not have good credit.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i am a good swimmer.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am good at video games.   i am good at geometry.   my dad makes good meat.   i am in good shape.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   my folks have good careers.   i love a good competition.   i have a good sense of style.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i love to remember good times.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   my folks are very good climbers.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i am not good with money.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i am good at beach sports.   i am really good in the kitchen.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am very good at most racket sports.   the outcome is good.   i am very good with numbers. 
arrow	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun. 
armament	 i make sure that i have some armament with me. 
device	 my cellular device is my life line.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown. 
clothing	 i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i love bright clothing.   i enjoy making clothing.   i often wear dark clothing.   i like to mix clothing styles.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i wear dark clothing. 
up	 i like to get dressed up.   i like to stay up late.   i support the nba protest movement.   i love my puppies.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i have a couple kids.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i grew up in the east.   i like to stay up.   i am getting a puppy in the near future.   i push a super car.   i joined a reading group.   i keep up with current events.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i have a couple of pythons.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   my puppy is called georgie.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i pick up the drinks.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i have a cute puppy.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i have a job in a supermarket.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   i am caught up on all my shows.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   sarah is upstairs.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i need to get a tune up.   i get up before 5 everyday.   i grew up well off.   i grew up in a library.   i stay up late.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   i grew up close with my parents.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   i am a very supportive husband.   i like to set things up.   i like superhero movies.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i have puppies.   my clan backs up.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i love heavy rock groups.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i grew up on the east coast.   i go with my puppy everywhere.   i have multiple puppies.   i like classic makeup.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i like group activities.   i have a puppy.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i like the updated computers.   i left school to support family.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i am the one who supports my parents.   my mom stays upstairs.   i love pick ups.   i drive a pick up.   i wake up early daily.   i own a couple lizards.   i like puppies.   i love hanging out with my group.   i used to live in upstate new york.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i love dressing up as characters.   i tidy up homes for cash.   my wedding is coming up.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i like to use coupons.   i gave up smoking.   my pupils are hazel.   i have a small walk up in the city.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i want to get work up north.   i like creating superheroes.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   i prefer to go up north.   i have a couple of kids.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i dislike tidying up.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i am always up later than most.   i loved from up north.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i own a cute puppy.   i stay up.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i have a couple pets.   i enjoy super hero movies.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   tupac is my favorite singer.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i had cows as pets growing up.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   my group is going to go overseas.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
favorite	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   my favorite food is italian.   guns and roses is my favorite band.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   my favorite subject is psychology.   pepperoni is my favorite topping.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   desert is my favorite type of food.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   italian food is my favorite.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   batman is my favorite hero.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   coke is not my favorite.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   acdc is my favorite band.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   my favorite show is about zombies.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   beef is my favorite meat.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   my favorite item is a small sword.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   female pop singers are my favorite.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   patrick is my favorite character.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   my favorite pets are canines.   winter is my favorite season.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   mermaids are my favorite.   my favorite movie is lion king.   lebron is my favorite player.   hip hop is my favorite.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   felines are my favorite pets.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   mystery stories are my favorite.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   animals are my favorite past time.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   winter is my favorite time of year.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   mexican is my favorite food.   beef is my favorite food.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   riding my huffy is my favorite.   italian food is my favorite !.   tupac is my favorite singer.   dessert is my favorite meal.   fish is my favorite food.   pasta is my favorite meal.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   jane austen is my favorite author.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite.   pasta is my favorite food.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,. 
on	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   my mother is the closest person to me.   i admire lipton beverages.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i enjoy computers and phones.   i tell jokes on stage.   i was on the silver screen.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i hail from the lone star state.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i try to travel once a year.   i want to sing professionally.   i like the rolling stones.   i am done with my education.   i have high ambitions for myself.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   i would love to be a professional.   i am continuing my education.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i love science fiction.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i am a railway conductor.   we have relocated a ton.   i wish to join education.   i am fond of indigo.   pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i have fresh employment mongering automobiles.   i have one pet.   my home is on key west.   you can find me on the internet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i am a loner.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i love to work on my garden.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i still have a flip phone.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i have a professional job.   i am one year older than 28.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i am a rock star on the strings.   i work on the line with machines.   i wish i was an astronaut.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i am lonely.   everyone loves my lemon meringue.   i am strong.   i go everywhere on my mini motorcycle.   i make responsible financial decisions.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i like to do pages on the web.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i have a long commute.   i am one of two boys in my family.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i am a very social person.   i jam on the skins.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i am on the computer a lot.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i like to go to concerts.   i just started my current position.   i cannot be alone at night.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i am usually doing something online.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i take in a lot of information.   i am a jon snow fan.   i care about the environment.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i have a couple of pythons.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i like television real late.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   i am a creative person.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i like the sand on my feet.   i was on the pom pon squad as a teen.   i live on the east coast.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have tons of relatives.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i create music on instruments.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i have hit alot of attractions.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   my house in in the bronx.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i do not get along with other people easily.   i have only visited places in the us.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am a young professional.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i live on the west coast.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i want to work on broadway.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i am done working ,.   i am a seasoned girl.   i have tons of buddies.   i live in a stand alone.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i enjoy long films.   i prefer animation to live action.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i enjoy time on the water.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i am caught up on all my shows.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am a star on screen.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i am done with books.   i like chilling on the web.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i like electronic entertainment.   i am an animal person.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i play professional basketball.   i am employed online.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i have a huge collection.   i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   i want to win a lot of money.   i am a professional car racer.   i love monopoly and risk.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i am a father to four sons.   i am an older person.   i am a positive person.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   my existence is a tardy one.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i lived on teh west coast.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   no one is with me.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i do not like reading scientific information.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i am a dog person.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i work outside on taxis.   somebody put a ring on it.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i have lived in washington all my life.   i am in a long term deal.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem.   i have neon colors.   one parent resides in my home.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like guitar songs.   i teach sun salutations.   i have a great imagination.   i help people in the medical profession.   i rely a lot on technology.   i wish to build a home on the sand.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   my car is very responsive.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i like the tone of cash.   i am confused.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i am in my last year of education.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   education is a passion of mine.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   my mom works in the educational system.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i hit different conventions.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i love halloween season.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i am in contests.   i have a long title and i am a teen.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i am in the sanitation industry.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   my job is in government relations.   i consume a poor diet.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i run a little shop on main street.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am not dating anyone.   i am self published online.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i am working on a book.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i have a lot of money.   i am heir to the throne.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i am a religious person.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i work at a salon.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am personable.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i have always been a dog person.   i go to the stable once a week.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i work long days.   i need things done my way.   i like to do it once.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i no longer work.   i tried out to be on stage.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i like making a salmon entree.   i have a very strong body.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i do not make a lot of money.   i like being on the road.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i am a horse person.   i work for no money.   i am a very complicated person.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i never go traveling with anyone.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i prefer to be alone.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i like loud concerts.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i just got a promotion.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i would like to have kids one day.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i really like the rolling stones.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i have tons of money.   i enjoy non fiction.   i am not a dog person.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i enjoy religion songs.   i am a lazy person.   i have a long distance relationship.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i live in the capital of washington.   i will not go on elevators.   i love my iphone.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i do not like well done beef.   i long to be lusted after.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   i rent a one bedroom.   i am the tiny one.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have alot of loved ones.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i do not like relationships.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am emotionally confused.   i have only a child.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i grew up on the east coast.   i just graduated finally done.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i do not stay in one place very long.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i earn a lot of money.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i do work on a computer.   i am a very peppy person.   i love to be with loved ones.   my parents had more than one child.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i have spent along time in love.   i was named something pretty common.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like to drink after a long day.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i like the tone of the sea.   i am in a relationship.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   i possess orthodontics.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i am a social person.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i like watching videos online.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i have a hippie personality.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i plan on becoming a cop.   my only means of transportation is down.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i am a very vain person.   i am very self conscious.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i am on a free ride to college.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   i am only eight years old.   i like harrison.   guitar is my passion.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i have a job with a corporation.   i am a musical person.   i like aqua tones.   i live in the long horn state.   i get great exercise on the rink.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i am a crafty person.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i am a happy person.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i only buy things on the internet.   i train people on the internet.   my mom was a star on stage.   human automation is my passion.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   i once owned a slot machine.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i am a pretty lazy person.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am finally done with school.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i have a great imagination !.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i do not want a relationship.   i only have a single kid.   i have color on my face.   i like old songs.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i attended higher education.   girls call my phone all day long.   i am on a diet.   i got named something pretty common.   i prefer warm tones.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i only own trucks.   i am currently on my third marriage.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   some day i will live on the strip.   i do not like long vehicles.   i like going to concerts.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   crimson is a hot choice.   i am on the spectrum.   i work on the generational land.   i fractured my bone.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i do not really connect with my family.   i wish i lived with someone.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i like to spin on stage.   i like reading books online.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i am a millionaire.   i am on bed rest.   both of my sons are so cute.   i am an artistic person.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   i am controlled by other things.   my religion is catholic.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   i have a son and daughter.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i like activated on the river.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i like long bread.   i have action figures.   my dad works on cars.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i do not need a curling iron.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i am having kids soon.   i have continued on with my education.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i am going to france soon.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i like to watch foreign television.   i play on a football team.   i play basketball professionally.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i beat a school contest.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i love instrumental songs.   i am working on my mba.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i am almost done with university.   my folks are no longer married.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i am not a cat person.   i am emotionally unstable.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i feel at home on the water.   winter is my favorite season.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i live on a small farm.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   my favorite movie is lion king.   i am the one who supports my parents.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i download videos online.   i do not like fighting online.   cooking is my passion !.   i live in the lone star state.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i have bad vision.   i work for playstation.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i enjoy games on a court.   i have one pet dog.   lebron is my favorite player.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i work in computer art animation.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i am all skin and bones.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i view movies online.   i do not consume meat.   i am a fan of spending money.   i am in contact with my old lover.   soon where i live should change.   i take my pet on walks daily.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   my generation saw the world war.   i like walking on ice.   i attended a religious institution.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i am a retired colonel.   i have a fair complexion.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i perform on the local level.   helping heal people is my profession.   i am getting married soon.   i want to live with someone.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i love a good competition.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i am really in to fashion.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i an a professional painter.   my house is in a high altitude location.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   i am not in a relationship.   i like to read historical information.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i only like certain foods.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i have gone across the ocean.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i am frequently nagged about matrimony by my sibling.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i like to use coupons.   i have odd tastes in songs.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   abby is a wonderful person.   i enjoy long road trips.   i belong to a country club.   my position in the organization is well respected.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i work on my days off.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   my vacations have all been on land.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i am a passionate person.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i am searching for a person.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i make all of my purchases online.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i am on facebook way too often.   i work for the education system.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i write historical fiction.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   organic is the only way for me.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i have been on television.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i only have a single sibling.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i am no longer married.   i stand out among my surroundings.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   on the weekends i watch events.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i care about my education.   i am a spiritual person.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i enjoy live productions.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   i eat only salad.   i am not a people person.   seeing the world is my obsession.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i have a passion for literature.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i have a long wavy ponytail.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   i am a private person.   i have a hard time moving on.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i study money at a bar.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i love to jog when the moon is out.   i only need to be with my partner.   i hate the long run.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i am very vocal about my opinions.   my new work consists of law.   my mode of transportation is leased.   i love being with loved ones.   i like to grub on sushi.   i am not a morning person.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   my mom no longer lives.   my dad has coronary problems.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   my self expression is typically through painting.   it is difficult for me to connect to others.   i have a very active imagination.   i love ordering from amazon.   education is important to me.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i want to be on broadway.   i perform in competitions.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i only eat plants.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i used to participate in contests.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i have a lot of height on me.   in 2 months i will be 54.   i hated being taught education.   i enjoying going on the sand.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i own an xbox one.   i am not good with money.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i have no sons.   i like long weekends.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i love my smartphone.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i have no education.   i have a little son.   i work on the books.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i have a time consuming commute.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i used to work in education.   i am a first generation american.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i like the colder months.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i have a ton of energy.   i finished my education years ago.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i like to be on the road.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i like the adult cartoons.   i only graduated from high school.   i can process information very quickly.   i watch cartoons still.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i share my feelings online.   i love washington state and their capital.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i have been away for a long time.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am no longer working.   i am my own person.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i am going to an island soon.   i am on the west coast.   i watch too much television.   my passion is equality for all ,.   i like the tone of citrus.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i have a son and a daughter.   i like being on the water.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i am no longer in my twenties.   my mother is strong.   i enjoy being alone.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i ruined my body on skis.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i love head banging songs.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i like songs.   my mom is employed as a financial institution.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i have a lot of family traditions.   i love to vacation with nature.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i only own a single set of footwear.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i am energized by social situations.   i consume organic.   i am a mother of one.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i love interacting on my console.   my commute each morning is on the train.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i am a server on the weekends.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i watch television.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i am a concierge.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i enjoy being on the water.   i live along the coast.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   mother in phone stuff.   i donate my time to rescues.   i enjoy riding waves on a board.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   my movie collection is so high.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i know we are not alone in space.   i am going on strike.   i am an arts and crafts person.   i work in an organizational setting.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i moonlight as a banker.   my dad worked with money.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i like to party on the weekends.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   i change loved one quick.   someone i know works well.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   i like music and concerts.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i intend on furthering my education.   i want to protect the environment.   i am a professional freight driver.   my female parent does it all on her own.   i have just completed my education.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i judge people on their looks.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
folk music	 i like modern folk music. 
music	 i like rock music.   music comes easy to me.   i like old school music.   i like to listen to rock music.   i love rock music.   i am able to read music.   i love pop music.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i enjoy pop music.   i like to move it to music.   i like hardcore music.   i like to move to the music.   i have an eclectic taste in music.   i have terrible taste in music.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i create music on instruments.   i enjoy listening to music.   i like to listen to live music.   i wish i was a musician.   i like older music.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i enjoy grunge music.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   my parent is a music shaker.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i am musical.   i enjoy moving to music.   i like to listen to music.   i enjoy music.   music is my life.   i hate the country music.   i like music.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i love music.   i am a musician.   i was into 80s music.   i am a great musician.   i like classic music.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i enjoy music experiences.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i nap a lot and play music.   i am a musical person.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i enjoy loud music.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i can read music.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i listen to classical music.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i love music from the 60s.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i like to make music.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   my mom teaches music.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i enjoy lively music.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i love music events.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i am musician.   i am a musician and a brain.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i listen to music often.   i enjoy playing music.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i am musically inclined.   i like country music.   older musical films are the best.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i love country music.   i like to listen to loud music.   i like hard music.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i love listening to great music.   i listen to rap music.   i can move my body to music.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i love any kind of classical music.   i like music and concerts.   i enjoy musicals.   i like modern folk music.   i enjoy seeing live music.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
art	 one of my offspring is a quarterback.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i am smart.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i curate art.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i love art metal bands.   i am part of a modern family.   i am part irish.   i want to be an artist.   i like to participate in sports.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   i am not as smart as i thought.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i love body art.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i just started my current position.   i am apart of a different work environment.   my partner totally does not understand.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i watch performing arts.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am in my thirties without a partner.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i am starting my own business.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i am currently renting an apartment.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i decorate my home with particular things.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i am heartbroken.   i like art and animals.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i love to learn about art and history.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i enjoy language arts.   i am an artist.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i love arts and crafts.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am studying art.   my pet is part of my family.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i am going to be the next mozart !.   i like the last part of the year.   my child is very smart.   i like to party and not study.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i am artistic.   mozart is my muse.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i start with a k.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i am a freelance artist.   i burned down part of cali.   i work at walmart.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i am a great artist.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   my partner has a customer service job.   i have a family member just starting school.   my family is smart.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   my mom is an artist.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i turn things into art.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i an starting my own business.   i met a partner recently.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   my parents own a star like walmart.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i have a partner.   i have foot art.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i am an artistic person.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i participate in martial arts.   my partner is sick.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   i study art.   i work in computer art animation.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i am college student in biology department.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i am a part time bouncer.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   my career involves working to better the earth.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i am starting a new activity.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i enjoy art.   i like coloring hearts !.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i come from an artistic family.   i want to have a business that i started.   i enjoy mozart.   i am really smart.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i like body art.   i like to get my day started.   i only need to be with my partner.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i used to participate in contests.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i am a smart attractive female.   i love my smartphone.   i enjoy doing art.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i like earth.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i like the adult cartoons.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   i watch cartoons still.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i am a part time service worker.   my partner lives with me.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   i have alot of arm art.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i am an arts and crafts person.   i like to party on the weekends.   i have just started school. 
sound	 i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   acoustic sounds so good.   i sound like the stars.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i hate sounds. 
entertainment	 i like electronic entertainment.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
culture	 i am a big fan of pop culture.   i work in agriculture.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i love seeing new cultures.   i have prior agriculture experience.   i appreciate the spanish culture. 
traditional	 i am employed a traditional number of hours. 
recreation	 my house is close to outdoor recreation. 
arts	 i watch performing arts.   i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i enjoy language arts.   i love arts and crafts.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   i participate in martial arts.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i like coloring hearts !.   i am an arts and crafts person. 
custom	 my customers like to play poker.   my partner has a customer service job.   the customer is always right.   i have the over night shift in customer service. 
industry	 i am employees in the baking industry.   i am in the sanitation industry.   my family is in the medical industry.   i am in the advertising industry.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the healthcare industry.   my father was in the car industry.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   my career is in the banking industry.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i am employed in the food industry.   i have a night job in the service industry.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
waves	 i ride the waves every chance i get.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   i enjoy riding waves on a board. 
humanities	 i am studying the humanities. 
class	 i attend night classes.   i enjoy classic literature.   classic firms are the best.   i like classic rock.   i go to exercise classes.   i like classic music.   my dad works in a class.   i like classic makeup.   i come from a lower class household.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i took flight classes.   i love reading classic english literature.   i listen to classical music.   i like to act out side of class.   i am very attentive in class.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i love spin class.   i love the classic composers.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i love any kind of classical music. 
knowledge	 my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i am expanding my knowledge. 
system	 i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   my mom works in the educational system.   i work for the education system.   i have a great wifi system.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator. 
class	 i attend night classes.   i enjoy classic literature.   classic firms are the best.   i like classic rock.   i go to exercise classes.   i like classic music.   my dad works in a class.   i like classic makeup.   i come from a lower class household.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i took flight classes.   i love reading classic english literature.   i listen to classical music.   i like to act out side of class.   i am very attentive in class.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i love spin class.   i love the classic composers.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i love any kind of classical music. 
quality	 i like quality tools for work.   i am willing to pay for quality.   my passion is equality for all ,. 
belief	 my dad has strict political beliefs. 
education	 i am done with my education.   i am continuing my education.   i wish to join education.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   i am in my last year of education.   education is a passion of mine.   my mom works in the educational system.   i attended higher education.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i have continued on with my education.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i work for the education system.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i care about my education.   education is important to me.   i hated being taught education.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i have no education.   i used to work in education.   i finished my education years ago.   i intend on furthering my education.   i have just completed my education. 
learning	 learning is exciting to me.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i enjoy learning.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am learning to weld.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i love learning.   i have a learning impairment.   i am learning.   i am learning how to paint.   i like learning about the past.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i love learning about new things.   i am interested in learning how the brain works. 
service	 i like to s ee services.   my partner has a customer service job.   i have a night job in the service industry.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i am a part time service worker. 
large	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i come from a large family.   i have grown some very large plants.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i like large bodies of water.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i have a large family with babies.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   my family is large.   i serve in a large city.   that thing is not large enough.   i am large.   my digits are large.   i feel large.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i own a pretty large vehicle.   i reside in a large metropolis.   i am a larger female.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china. 
organ	 a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i work well when i can organize things.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i like to be organized.   organic is the only way for me.   i consume organic.   i work in an organizational setting. 
part	 i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i am part of a modern family.   i am part irish.   i like to participate in sports.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i am apart of a different work environment.   my partner totally does not understand.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i am in my thirties without a partner.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i am currently renting an apartment.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my pet is part of my family.   i like the last part of the year.   i like to party and not study.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i burned down part of cali.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   my partner has a customer service job.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i met a partner recently.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i have a partner.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i participate in martial arts.   my partner is sick.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i am college student in biology department.   i am a part time bouncer.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i only need to be with my partner.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i used to participate in contests.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i am a part time service worker.   my partner lives with me.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   i like to party on the weekends. 
healthy	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i like healthy activities.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i do not eat healthy.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i am unhealthy.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets. 
race	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i like to embrace my day.   i am a professional car racer.   i am not vey graceful.   i have a race mobile.   i am a marathoner who races biannually. 
race	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i like to embrace my day.   i am a professional car racer.   i am not vey graceful.   i have a race mobile.   i am a marathoner who races biannually. 
name	 i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   people call me weird names.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   my kitten has a name.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i was named something pretty common.   i can remember names well.   i got named something pretty common.   my nickname is arnie.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   my parents named me nicholas.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   my name is a family name.   i named my clydesdale mr ed.   i have a nickname.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i was named after einstein. 
sign	 i love to redesign houses.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   my significant other makes me happy.   my significant other is my best friend.   i love to design.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i am rude to my significant other.   i am a graphic designer.   will you sign my cast.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   my significant other resides in venice.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   my significant other is a lawyer.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i am enrolled in a design college.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i love to design my own styles.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i know sign language. 
information	 i take in a lot of information.   i do not like reading scientific information.   i like to read historical information.   i can process information very quickly. 
pet	 in my youth i could spell competitively.   my pet keeps me company.   i have one pet.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i love all my pets.   i spoil my pet.   i like to walk pets.   i love having pets.   i have a lot of pets.   i hate pets.   i have a pet bird.   i spoil my pets.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   my best friend is my pet.   my pet is part of my family.   i have a snoopy pet.   i have adopted two pets.   i love my pets.   i am a competitive swimmer.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i just adopted a pet.   i have 5 pets.   i help take care of pets.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   i like to take care of pets.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   pets appeal to me.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i have a pet kitten.   i have less than four pets.   i can be kind of competetive.   i like to compete at games.   i have multiple pets.   i have bad luck with pets.   my pet is my best friend.   i have several baby pets.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   my favorite pets are canines.   i am very competitive.   i own a pet reptile.   i have one pet dog.   i love spending time with my pets.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   felines are my favorite pets.   i love a good competition.   i have 7 pets.   i like to care for pets.   i am kind of a pet hoarder.   i own pets.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i enjoy having pets.   i perform in competitions.   i am a competitive dancer.   i like tiny pets.   i have a couple pets.   i take care of lost pets.   i need to compete with other girls.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i have pets.   i had cows as pets growing up.   i am petite.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility. 
mammal	 i love striped mammals. 
animals	 i care about animals.   i like animals.   i like to raise animals.   i teach animals for my career.   farms have cool animals.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i care a lot about animals.   i enjoy being around animals.   i like art and animals.   i like working with animals.   i love animals.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i raise animals.   i have many animals.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i live with the animals.   i am a fan of animals.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i am interested in animals.   i like to catch animals.   i really love animals.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i like wild animals.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   animals are my favorite past time.   i take care of animals for my job.   i help homeless animals.   i am sick of most animals.   i work with animals.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i like stripped animals.   i enjoy helping animals. 
individual	 i am a hard working individual. 
individual	 i am a hard working individual. 
creature	 i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like magic creatures.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe. 
captivity	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy. 
judgment	 my parents are very judgmental and rude. 
fact	 my employment is manufacturing goods.   i am a manufacturing foreman. 
meaning	 i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful. 
meaning	 i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful. 
representation	 i studied fractional representations of frequency in school. 
relation	 i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my job is in government relations.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i have a long distance relationship.   i do not like relationships.   i am in a relationship.   i do not want a relationship.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i am not in a relationship.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i have been in a relationship for many years. 
a	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i am a carnivore.   my parents had 5 kids.   i like fairy tales.   i admire lipton beverages.   i am selfish.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i enjoy computers and phones.   jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i am an aspiring actor.   i tell jokes on stage.   i do not know many people.   i was on the silver screen.   my parents are very judgmental and rude.   i have a severe allergy.   i am very withdrawn.   i am in great shape.   glasses give me a headache.   i have dark eyes.   i like outdoor activities.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i made it to printed words.   i am an expert at making food.   i have a high voice.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   music comes easy to me.   i work hard.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i want candy.   i watch kids.   i have always liked nice cars.   i come from a large family.   my wedding is set for april 11.   i possess a death carriage.   i like scary movies.   my favorite food is italian.   i like the sand and water.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i am a current resident in the united state.   i like bigger canines.   i like to be clean.   i enjoy my albums.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   my vehicle is a dark color.   guns and roses is my favorite band.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i study to be a businessman.   i am an engineering student.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i work at eureka.   i like to learn new things.   i have a spouse.   i am in nyc.   my sister has lots of kids.   i am a journalist.   i hail from the lone star state.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i handle cash.   i do not travel.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i need to educate myself more.   i enjoy a good hike.   i try to travel once a year.   my family used to live in sydney.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i like to watch sports.   i am a bibliophile.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i like to stay up late.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i am able to read music.   i care about animals.   i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   i live in the state by colorado.   i was adopted when i was 1.   i adore cats.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   sports are fun.   i want to sing professionally.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i was in the army.   learning is exciting to me.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i support the nba protest movement.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i work at a juice business.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i am going to a private college.   i am done with my education.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i have high ambitions for myself.   i have a job at sears.   i am a big fan of pop culture.   i like to take pics.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   i like to cut hair.   i am a barber.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   my dad calls me frankie.   i would love to be a professional.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i love to be under water.   i am continuing my education.   i am fat.   i work in a hospital.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i ride the waves every chance i get.   i make pastries for my friends.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i am an animal lover.   the kitchen is my domain.   a few people share my flat.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   i have grown some very large plants.   i am a solo life explorer.   i love to catch sea bass.   i am a mechanic.   i never had a job and i never will.   my brothers wife has tanked.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i shooting my meals.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i had several kittens.   i have a couple kids.   i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i like the act about the world.   i am a railway conductor.   i work many odd jobs.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i have a boring job.   i love the water.   i like trips to the ocean.   i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i earn hourly pay.   i am a waiter.   i just got a divorce.   i want to help people.   i attend night classes.   i am always a friend to those in need.   i am above the standard height of a us male.   i am smart.   we have relocated a ton.   i complete school this year.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i am form out of country.   i wish to join education.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i will turn 21 this year.   i am an american.   i am fond of indigo.   i identify as trans.   i am trying to get a post college degree.   my favorite subject is psychology.   pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i have no job.   i like animals.   i am a gemini.   i want to get my own places.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i am a proud us sailor.   i am huge and colorful.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i like seafood a lot.   i am a natural brunette.   i love books about science.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i have fresh employment mongering automobiles.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i eat dominos every day.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i have awesome people i hang out with.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i am a southern.   i became an orphan at an early age.   my pet keeps me company.   i like to make miniatures.   i am very intelligent.   i have one pet.   i am a skilled craftsman.   i like to go shopping a lot.   dancing is fun to me.   i love mexican food.   i love anything dairy !.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i want my work to be impactful.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i take care of people.   i hate overtime.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i like doing my face.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   my father flies for delta.   you can find me on the internet.   i am around people all day.   i am not a fan of soy products.   i bought a house.   she is a caretaker.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i love reading books.   i do not like to be around people.   i am distrustful of people.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i prefer wearing a belt.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i use pens to write a lot.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i have a extra digit.   i cannot see very well.   i am a loner.   i am bound to a wheelchair.   i curate art.   i could never be a vegetarian.   i have pale skin.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i have a disability.   i have a hard time seeing.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i had a medical emergency.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i grew up in the east.   my dad was a police officer.   i drive a rig.   i like to make things with my hands.   a soldier is what i am.   i am a pilot.   i love art metal bands.   i did not graduate from university.   i have a ps4.   i am a veteran.   i enjoy being creative.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   i call the ghetto home.   my neighborhood can get loud late.   my mother has a terrible illness.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i am part of a modern family.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i sell houses and buildings for a living.   i love to work on my garden.   i am going out with my manager.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i am part irish.   i am a shopaholic.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   i enjoy watching animated films.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   my parents are very patient with me.   i am a student at the university.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i still have a flip phone.   people say i am a force if nature.   my dad is a priest.   i like to raise animals.   my spouse is a member of the military.   i live in a quiet neighborhood.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   i am an avid jogger.   i am taller than average.   in the past i was a goalie.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i have a professional job.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i find pleasure in cooking.   i am one year older than 28.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i am a male.   i have been in the country all my life.   i am a rock star on the strings.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i want to be an artist.   i live in a studio.   my parent educates others.   i am still in school.   i like to stay up.   i want to have a baby.   i am a little crazy.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i went to medical school.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i have a family.   i work on the line with machines.   i wish to be a rock star.   i like to make cookies.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   i am mature lady.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   i play the violin.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   my mom was a rn.   i am getting a puppy in the near future.   i like to participate in sports.   i am not a fan of my daily routine.   i want to live closer to nature.   i am an outcast.   i wish i was an astronaut.   i have a freeloader at home.   i booked a boat for the summer.   i am a foodie.   my babies love catnip and cat grass.   my mom and dad are retired.   i like to embrace my day.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i have a nintendo.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i push a super car.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i can not be in dirt.   i like felines more than beagles.   my cellular device is my life line.   i like to have a beer.   i am lonely.   i joined a reading group.   i cook for a living.   i like cameras.   i am currently in college.   i live in a fantasy world.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   i like to bake.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i enjoy being fake.   my significant other makes me happy.   i am strong.   i am a lumberjack by trade.   i enjoy breakfast food.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i love being with freezing water.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i have a masters of business.   i have a beautiful wife.   i make responsible financial decisions.   i hate being poor.   i wish i were more creative.   i am very creative.   i am in third grade.   i am not as smart as i thought.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i have great friends.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   my mother works at kroger.   i was raised down south.   i believe in the tooth fairy.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i am a gamer.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i like to do pages on the web.   i possess a lot of patience.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   i have a boat.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i have a husband.   i like to be around books.   i love body art.   i walk to get from here to there.   i love being a parent.   i have a long commute.   desert is my favorite type of food.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i am one of two boys in my family.   i enjoy classic literature.   i wish i were taller.   my wife is a model.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i make a good living.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i have seen dracula.   i like crawdads.   i am a very social person.   i was born in argentina.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i work in a restaurant.   i was raised by my mom.   i jam on the skins.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i have two younger brothers.   i do not eat animal products.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i have way too many kittens.   i enjoy baking.   i am on the computer a lot.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i just started my current position.   i am into virtual reality stuff.   i would do anything for my parent.   i cannot be alone at night.   i love bands like the beatles.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i like things that are not complicated.   i play european football.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i play football.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i defend the goal.   i am usually doing something online.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i stay asleep all night.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i am a polyglot.   i currently work at starbucks.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   i love all my pets.   i love reading scary books.   i like large bodies of water.   i play first shooter video games.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i have been feeling depressed.   my partner totally does not understand.   i enjoy her company.   i am a vegetarian.   i take in a lot of information.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i am a fan if the great white.   we own several dogs.   i am 30.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i am a parent to 2 toddlers.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i teach animals for my career.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i am a jon snow fan.   i am scared of high places.   i cannot stand the heat.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   i spend time at the pool.   i like tv and running outside.   i care about the environment.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i do not know my real parents.   i am an accountant.   i have no siblings.   i have an eclectic taste in music.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i live by the ocean.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i am in a university.   i am looking fora job.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i have a couple of pythons.   i like to make blankets.   i love cats.   i have a lot of ink.   i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   taste the rainbow !.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i play around with candies a lot.   i do not eat sugar.   i am wildly optimistic.   i am recognized for being neat.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i like television real late.   i have not loved.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   my grandma is a guest in my home.   i am a teller.   i am a thrill seeker.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   i am very sensitive.   i do not like to watch tv.   i have terrible taste in music.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   i am a creative person.   i am from sweden.   i go to restaurants frequently.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i want t o travel and make things.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i am very active in the community.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i keep myself physically fit.   i like the sand on my feet.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   my puppy is called georgie.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i was on the pom pon squad as a teen.   i have a large family with babies.   i live on the east coast.   i make blogs.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i have a dead sibling.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have a way to call folks.   i live with my family.   i enjoy a good book.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i have a lot of student debt.   i have tons of relatives.   i like hot weather.   i am a immigrant.   my parents own there own compnay.   farms have cool animals.   i like to read old books.   i like quality tools for work.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i create music on instruments.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   my significant other is my best friend.   i am an urban dweller.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i am a parent.   i am currently attend indiana university.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my mother is in law.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i like catching sharks.   i like to walk through nature.   i have hit alot of attractions.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i am looking for a job.   i like making pasta.   i love my nieces and nephews.   i like to go to the ocean.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i like to be in charge.   i like sweets and dessert.   i like to walk pets.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i am so over pageantry.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i like to create.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i enjoy football and other games.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   i like driving fast and dangerously.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i take school for points.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i watch performing arts.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i do not eat meat.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i like bears.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like to cook for my family.   i do not get along with other people easily.   i enjoy making clothing.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i served in the armed forces.   i am attending college to obtain my ba.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i have only visited places in the us.   my mother works in healthcare.   i have no clue who my father is.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i love having pets.   italian food is my favorite.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am a young professional.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   i want to be a singer.   people call me weird names.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i am guilty alot of times.   i live on the west coast.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i can be kind of gross.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   i am a game hunter.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i am skinny.   i am in my thirties without a partner.   i have a cute puppy.   i am involved in several rooms.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   i have written a novel.   i want to work on broadway.   i love striped mammals.   i hate going to the coast.   i wear skirts.   i will graduate next year.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   batman is my favorite hero.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   i volunteer as much as possible.   i am done working ,.   i have a home in the suburbs.   i love italian cooking.   i am a seasoned girl.   i do not like carrots.   i am immature.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i have a lot of power.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i have tons of buddies.   i am just a kid.   i live in a stand alone.   i have a lot of pets.   my eye color is dark.   i care a lot about animals.   i like to ask why.   i love cola products.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   i enjoy being around animals.   i have family serving overseas.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   my sister has children.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i like italian cuisine best.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i hate pets.   i enjoy cosplay.   i am from the home land.   i exercise regularly.   i lift a lot of weights.   i lift a lot at the gym.   i have a job in a supermarket.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i am from the midwest.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i love audiobooks.   i prefer animation to live action.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i love cuddling with my babies.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i am an adult.   i play school base ball.   i love baseball.   i have not been lit.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i am an introvert.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i enjoy time on the water.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i am a hermit.   i eat fish all the time.   i almost always run into arguments.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i am lactose intolerant.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i am a midget.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i love playing t.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like caffeinated beverages.   i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i have mental issues.   i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i have totaled two cars.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i am in college to receive my diploma.   i am caught up on all my shows.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am a huge dog lover !.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i enjoy making food.   i am rude to my significant other.   i wish i was a musician.   i am a star on screen.   i am done with books.   i will be attending college in california.   i want to work in tech.   i have no sisters or brothers.   i am female.   i am a female.   dolls are fun to play with.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i am starting my own business.   i work for an advertising agency.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i used to live in florida.   i like to ride from state to state.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i am relaxed.   who wants to grind and toil all day ?.   i am a farmer and grow my own food.   my mom and dad were very similar.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   i am very excited.   i have a few beagles and a tabby.   my mom is a lesbian.   i am a big gamer.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i like the open road.   i am patriotic.   i am an amateur entomologist.   i know a lot about machinery.   i was born in moscow.   i like heavy metal.   i am studying to be an entrepreneur.   i want to see the world.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i like beats.   i love making things.   i like electronic entertainment.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i am an animal person.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i am manly.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i sustain from anything toxic.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i am currently renting an apartment.   i am afraid of drowning.   i do not like vegetables.   i have been working for many years.   i like to watch tv.   i live in a nursing home.   i am employed at a college.   i love nature.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i like to jam.   i like to drive a lot.   i like to watch dressage.   i like living dangerously.   my parents are both employed.   i like to read a lot.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i am going to school full time.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   i like graphic novels.   i attended a state school.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i reside in manhattan.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i really love dogs.   i love listening to piano.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i am uncool.   i am employed online.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i enjoy romance.   i have a huge collection.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i own an older model car.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   i want to win a lot of money.   i am happily retired.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   fried catfish is delicious.   i have a lot of kids.   i am a professional car racer.   i love monopoly and risk.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   i am a programmer.   i have a job in the tech field.   i am fairly rich.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i am very ambitious.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   it is difficult for me to eat.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   certain things freak me out.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i had a tough childhood.   i am a father to four sons.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i am an older person.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i am a positive person.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   sarah is upstairs.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i own a store that sells sweets.   my existence is a tardy one.   i have a female child.   i enjoy working in the garden.   my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   i am a waitress.   i am in the us military.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   i like distance from society.   i work in the navy.   i dislike hatred.   i believe in a higher being.   i am heartbroken.   i am employed to work with power.   i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i get a full nights rest every night.   i am not very good at love.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i need to study harder and get better grades.   i lived on teh west coast.   i am thrifty with my spending.   i enjoy being in nature.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i like to read horror novels.   i am a graphic designer.   i love to read.   i want to get my own place.   i have zero desire to work.   i like to travel.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i really like starbucks !.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   my old man is a reporter.   i came out of my mother early.   will you sign my cast.   i care about others.   my spouse and i have children.   i like seafood.   i am not afraid to speak my mind.   coke is not my favorite.   i am selective when buying vehicles.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   my hair is red.   i am going to have my wedding in europe.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i enjoy learning.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i am a serious carnivore.   i get takeout from barbeque often.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   i am the person who grocery shops.   the hue i most admire is plum.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i am the bomb at food making.   i have a pet bird.   i had a rough childhood.   my parent is a music shaker.   i like art and animals.   i have little facial hair.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i work in a doctor office.   i am a dog person.   i enjoy video games.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i am getting my degree at home.   i work outside on taxis.   i have a sweet tooth.   acdc is my favorite band.   somebody put a ring on it.   i love my clan.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i fly around the country for work.   being a determined lady gets me far in life.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i share my birthday with jesus.   i am being hurt by my home owner.   i cook a lot.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i try to keep active.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i love to take photos.   i like the ocean.   i have older siblings.   this is my first year at new york university.   i am a man in my sixties.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i like the weird act.   i love growing vegetables.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i am bespectacled.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i have lived in washington all my life.   i used to be in the army and i did some fighting.   i am in a long term deal.   i like to give back.   i am curious about the world.   i need to get a tune up.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem.   i do not like the way people see me.   i feel the need to relocate.   i do not like being told what to do.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i work bagging food.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i get up before 5 everyday.   my job takes most of my time.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i like to play sports.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i love soda.   i play board games.   i have neon colors.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   my significant other resides in venice.   one parent resides in my home.   i like playing x box.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i love to learn about art and history.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i went to an ivy league school.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i like to garden.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like magenta.   i love italian food.   i like playing out of the house.   i am a female in my 30s.   felines are very dear to my heart.   my husband loves me.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i do well speaking to others.   i like guitar songs.   i carve wood.   i am like circle.   height is missing from my stature.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i have a high iq.   i am not a fan of children.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i enjoy language arts.   i am a sucker for romance.   i teach sun salutations.   i love the red head british singer.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i have a great imagination.   i help people in the medical profession.   i rely a lot on technology.   i love planning events.   i like a gorilla.   i wish to build a home on the sand.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   my folks are gingers.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i work in agriculture.   i have my bachelors degree.   my four sisters are older than me.   i was in a bad wreck.   i am an artist.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   my car is very responsive.   i dress in a suit.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   my wife and i have more than 1 child.   i win a lot at the casino.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   i like the tone of cash.   i grew up in a library.   i am confused.   i want a big change in my life.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   i have multiple male siblings.   i am in my last year of education.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i like soothing images.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i have hobbies.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   i am employees in the baking industry.   i have an average size family.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i like to travel to europe.   i am musical.   i have a positive attitude.   education is a passion of mine.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i am boring.   they call me anne.   i stay up late.   my favorite show is about zombies.   i hate my old job.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like to eat beef.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i love arts and crafts.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i want to be an actress.   i am very good at certain things.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i like naruto.   i like to sketch batman.   we are from africa.   i am an elderly male.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i get around in a jaguar.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   i get good grades in school.   i am athletic.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i jump out of airplanes.   i have a pug faced beast.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   my foot is small to be a woman.   i am studying art.   i am willing to pay for quality.   i like to do other things but add.   my pet is part of my family.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i like to gamble.   i love halloween season.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i have a snoopy pet.   i am not well versed in computers.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   my spouse hates us.   i am getting married.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i had a rocky childhood.   i like to work with my hands.   i am learning to weld.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i am in the arm forces.   i travel a lot.   i love cats and their babies.   i a fancy.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i do not know my real mother.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   i am employed at fun city.   i love santa time.   i workout every day.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am an early riser.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i am in contests.   i love being in the water.   i have a gluten allergy.   health is important to me.   i like cold weather.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i use a wheelchair.   i am a lawyer.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i have a pretend friend.   i have a long title and i am a teen.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   iam in the sticks.   i am a lady.   i have multiple offspring.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i like going fast.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i am a dog lover.   i am a hard working individual.   i want to see the new films.   i have 2 children.   i teach pilates.   classic firms are the best.   i like small hairstyles.   i am going to be the next mozart !.   my pop passed away.   i like bright shades and colors.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i feel pretty lazy often.   i wear a mohawk.   i like to hear hard rock.   i have a lexus.   i have a family business.   i grew up close with my parents.   my management role is very important to me.   all i do is stay at the office.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i like the last part of the year.   i have dark features.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i have a army of kittens.   i am a bag boy.   i use a uni bike.   she is a out door planter.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   my parent works to help children.   i want to travel to nyc.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   i am a night owl.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i am in the sanitation industry.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i go shopping a lot.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i like working with animals.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i was born in madrid.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   my child is very smart.   i work at the zoo.   i am a very supportive husband.   i am experienced with zoology.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i like to party and not study.   i have a practical car.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   my job is in government relations.   i consume a poor diet.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i have a sleep buddy.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i speak the letters back ways.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   my family is hard working.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i do not have any siblings.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i am religious.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   my customers like to play poker.   i run a little shop on main street.   i am doing well for myself.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   this is a blast !.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i am really into sports.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i am artistic.   mozart is my muse.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am not dating anyone.   i am a bicyclist.   my dad worked with the force.   i am a server at a food place.   i eat greasy foods.   i am self published online.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i often wear dark clothing.   i am working on a book.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i educate young children.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i like cold beverages.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i do take out.   they call me gary.   i like balls.   i do not drink soda.   my family is in the medical industry.   i love jager.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i have a lot of money.   i am heir to the throne.   i have too many felines.   i am related to a star.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i am broke.   my career is very important to me.   i have three great dogs.   i like to entertain people.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i am a religious person.   i educated tweens and teens.   i want to begin my own company.   i love watching nfl.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate throwing out plastic.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i work at a salon.   i love peace and love.   i studies to become a teacher.   i exercise everyday.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i am trying to eat less meat.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i found some great gold studs today.   my kitten has a name.   papa johns has the best entrees.   i dye my hair.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am 22 years old.   i work with young athletes.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i am personable.   i need a new car.   my mom taught for years.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i am not married.   i work in physical fitness.   i hate the country music.   i am a violinist.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i do not have a great voice.   i wear a lot of hats.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i have always been a dog person.   i am very active.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   my career is in a library.   i am educated.   i train every day.   i drive for a living.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i enjoy going to other places.   i go to the stable once a week.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i am a physical trainer.   i have yappy little dogs.   i am the mother of a boy.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   i enjoy reading books.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   i am fit.   i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i am a survivor of a terrible disease.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i work long days.   i am too hardcore with my living.   i need things done my way.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i am a disgruntled worker.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   walking through the mall is fun.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i start with a k.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i am studying chemistry.   i like to educate myself.   my family is large.   i am always working out.   beef is my favorite meat.   i like to live in an urban area.   i am single and looking.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   i like to be at the lake.   i invested in real estate.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i was approved.   i tried out to be on stage.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i have stage fright.   i love animals.   i like raspberry.   i would rather not have vegetables.   i am a freelance artist.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i burned down part of cali.   i was a kid actor.   i make sure that i have some armament with me.   saturday night i go drinking.   i am very physical.   i prefer the ladies.   i like making a salmon entree.   i just sold my first painting !.   i reside in a tiny town.   my kids are basically adults.   i have adopted two pets.   in my past life , i was an rn.   i work at walmart.   i have a very strong body.   i like historical films.   foreign cars appeal to me.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i do not make a lot of money.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   i have a spouse and a kid.   my siblings are male.   i enjoy naps here and there.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i broke three beakers today.   i am happy.   i can play the piano.   i am a musician.   i am kind of a homebody.   my best friends are felines.   i am recently employed.   i like the shade of emerald.   butter and corn is gross.   i am religous.   i like being on the road.   i am a man in my fifties.   commitment is important to me.   i am planning ahead.   i was raised in a very structured home.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   when i am old enough , i am leaving home.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i like boy bands.   i have children.   i am always working as a mother.   i nap often during films.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i am an avid reader.   i used to live in the mountains.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i think what goes around comes around.   i have not been asked out before.   i have many girls.   i serve in a large city.   i recently moved to a city.   i am a horse person.   we have a boy and a girl.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i am a very complicated person.   i sense things others can not.   i want to bang the dude next door.   i own flashers.   i like to watch movies.   i have social anxiety.   i get awkward around people.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i have amazing stamina.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i punch in every day.   i love to eat meat.   i never go traveling with anyone.   i am nocturnal.   i am an orphan.   i want a girlfriend.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i prefer to be alone.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i am addicted to sugar.   i was into 80s music.   i like watching college sports.   twins seem to run in my family.   i am a great artist.   my spouse is a great cook.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i like to get my way using my looks.   my father has been absent from my lifel.   i am travelling to italy with a friend.   i like classic rock.   i coordinate events.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i am a homeowner.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i like the capital of grunge.   i am an appointment scheduler.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i am a doctor.   i enjoy catching bass.   i am a great musician.   i have diabetes.   i have puppies.   i am overweight.   i own a bike.   i am a competitive swimmer.   i do laps all the time.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i go to exercise classes.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i have no kids.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i just got a promotion.   i am working on my internet career.   i am very reserved and timid.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i would like to have kids one day.   i excercise my right as a us citizen.   i have many bros.   i work at a drive thru.   i own a compact car.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i am not vey graceful.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i have a lot of nervous energy.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i earn decent paychecks.   i am a motivated worker.   i enjoy dance.   my clan backs up.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i have went to school for dance.   i have a 401k.   i want cash to see the world.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i really like the rolling stones.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i have not held a job.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i am dotted.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i love to act.   i like reading about the past.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i have tons of money.   i am very often eating take out.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i like the way the sky looks.   i always use tumblr.   i exercise a lot.   i do not fear death.   i am employed from within my residence.   i am a total bookworm.   i love heavy rock groups.   i am not a dog person.   i am rather short.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i am a ginger.   i have a lot of siblings.   my mom and dad are old.   i am captain of the team.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am a football star.   i just adopted a pet.   i am not tall.   i enjoy making things.   i have a teal audi.   i do not need glasses.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i am a girl in her mid thirties.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i enjoy team sports.   i love eating sugary things.   i am a lazy person.   i am 15 and in the 10th grade.   i like classic music.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   my mom is famous.   i am a local celebrity.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i have a long distance relationship.   i am in an army family.   bugs without 8 legs are fine.   i fly a plane.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i am employed by the government.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i live in the capital of washington.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i have been alive for three decades.   i have 5 pets.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i like to swim at the gym.   i am going to paint my room purple.   i am a philatelist.   i will not go on elevators.   i am addicted to the casino.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i run to keep active.   i do not like certain vegetables.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i am too little to grab it.   i am studying to be a doctor.   i am trained with knifes.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i like to be social.   i have road rage.   i have two girls of my own.   my partner has a customer service job.   i wish i was beautiful.   i long to be lusted after.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   i am in the advertising industry.   i am sober.   i have a canine pug.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   i love trains.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   dad gave me a toy vehicle.   i love fried potato sticks.   that thing is not large enough.   i raise animals.   i help take care of pets.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   seafood is gross to me.   i hate christmas.   i have a handful of dogs.   i like to meditate.   i see paranormal activities.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   i rent a one bedroom.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   i have a family member just starting school.   i am the tiny one.   my dad works in a class.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have alot of loved ones.   i fly a lot.   i have a identical sibling , jane.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i like to eat greasy things.   my child cannot see.   i love being in the ocean.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i do not like relationships.   i have weird night thoughts.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i eat a lot.   the approval of my family is important to me.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am a disappointment.   i am emotionally confused.   kittens irritate my allergies.   i have only a child.   my significant other is a lawyer.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i want to live a crazy life.   i grew up on the east coast.   i just graduated finally done.   i am a junior in high school.   i hate being late.   i am in school to be a healer.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   i have several kids.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   all i wear in camo.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i am trilingual.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   i love grunge metal.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i am good with numbers.   i have dark and unique features.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i am pretty good with a racquet.   i like to read dan brown books.   i want to be an attorney.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i work in sales.   my family is religious.   i have defined features.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   my family is smart.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i like to read books.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i have trust issues.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i can not drink milk.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i live in a big house.   i earn a lot of money.   i work for the nba.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i like to eat jell o.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i like to play with my friends.   i have many animals.   i reside in a complex.   i have multiple puppies.   i work for a box store.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i do work on a computer.   i am a very peppy person.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   i am detached.   my parents had more than one child.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i like classic makeup.   i watch cnn every day.   i work in a snack shop.   i have spent along time in love.   i went to alabama state.   i was named something pretty common.   i am very outgoing.   i do not date.   i do not have good credit.   i have a fancy car.   i have a hard job.   my children are academically gifted.   i am a die hard gamer.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i have asthma.   i pay my parents rent.   i like to wash my face every day.   i wish to be a star.   i like to cosplay.   i eat out.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i work as a tech.   i like healthy activities.   i enjoy nature.   i come from a lower class household.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am a romantic.   i love learning.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i work at an auto dealer.   i like to drink after a long day.   i own a barber shop.   i own a vehicle.   my parents had many children.   i am hopeful for marriage.   i am very loyal.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i like indian reading.   i like to take care of pets.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mane is not a natural color.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i have an allergy to a flying insect.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i have 4 older siblings.   my mane is bright colored.   my foster deals in laptops.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   my mother has no job.   i am set in my ways.   my mos was working in school.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i like the tone of the sea.   i am rarely home.   i like going to the ocean.   i am originally from england.   i am in a relationship.   i am a software developer.   i use a brush and easel in my hobby.   my mom is an artist.   my pop makes cars.   i am with family and practicing the guitar.   i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.   i do not like red meat.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   my mom is deceased.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i like death bands.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i like my female office mate.   i like to be comfortable.   i really like to learn.   i had a difficult childhood.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   some would compare me to fine wine.   i like to grow plants.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i am a widow.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   next year i will be sixteen.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   i am a social person.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i like watching videos online.   my dad makes commercials.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   i am a you tube star.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i can remember names well.   i have a learning impairment.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i am a child.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i have a hippie personality.   i nap a lot and play music.   meat is disgusting.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i like mexican cuisine.   i have suffered a loss recently.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it.   i turn things into art.   i have prior agriculture experience.   i am a good swimmer.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   i am a mom.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   i plan on becoming a cop.   my favorite item is a small sword.   i do computer and software work.   i want to be a ballerina.   i keep many kittens.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i hate shelled things.   i enjoy readin.   i like the sea.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   my siblings are my best friends.   i lift weights four times a week.   i enjoy flying a kite.   my only means of transportation is down.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i am a very vain person.   i am very self conscious.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i purchased a vehicle.   i am a teen.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am studying in college.   i am on a free ride to college.   i love my lavender t shirt.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   i am only eight years old.   i have a variety of interests.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i like harrison.   i love collecting actual discs.   guitar is my passion.   i like to go antique shopping.   my job is at nordstrom.   i like documentary videos.   pets appeal to me.   i get tired of commercials.   i am a huge fitness buff !.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   i like to make salads.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i am anemic.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i am a fan of ac milan.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i am an investor with stocks.   i have a job with a corporation.   i have a race mobile.   i am a musical person.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i like aqua tones.   i drive a suv.   making cookies is fun.   my mom was an educator.   i live in the long horn state.   i am an equestrian.   i am a chef.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i am in the 11th grade.   i am from the us.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i am a dude.   i am pretty athletic.   my family is creative.   i am good at video games.   i live with too many men.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   my father was enlisted in the army.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i think comedy films are great.   i work in the gaming industry.   i an starting my own business.   my family is athletic.   i met a partner recently.   i am learning.   i like to learn about history.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i daydream about being a man.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   my family was in the medical field.   i am a crafty person.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i have a pet kitten.   i am employed as a reporter.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i do not have a girlfriend.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i am a happy person.   i have less than four pets.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i really like sugary drinks.   i have no hair.   i do not like mexican food.   i always liked making food.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   my car is not anything too fancy.   my parents own a star like walmart.   i want to go to europe.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i take alot of calls.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i love eating tacos.   i like to study and bake.   just call me mom.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i train people on the internet.   i am popular.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i was valedictorian.   my mom was a star on stage.   i have a daughter.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i am a manufacturing foreman.   i want to be an author.   i deliver packages.   my house is usually not quiet.   human automation is my passion.   my bank flow is high.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i once owned a slot machine.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i can be kind of competetive.   i love to draw when i am bored.   i do not have any older relatives.   i have roses in my yard.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i am all about posture.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i am a pretty lazy person.   i date a lot of girls.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   both my eyes are different colors.   my parents are very interesting.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am finally done with school.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i like group activities.   i have a puppy.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i am addicted to sweets.   i have a great imagination !.   i enjoy beer and wine.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i spend a.   i do not want a relationship.   i am good at geometry.   i want to go to egypt some day.   i am going to be an author.   i am a teacher.   i like magic creatures.   i only have a single kid.   i like to eat steak.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i recently graduated from college.   i am a patriot.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   i am a mother.   i have color on my face.   i have a love of reptiles.   i have my own garden.   i love cheddar.   i have a serious disease.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i am under forty six.   i have a partner.   my old man works from the couch.   female pop singers are my favorite.   i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg.   i love my parents.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i like to compete at games.   i have foot art.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i am dying.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i attended higher education.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i enjoy rural drives.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i love tomb raider and mario.   girls call my phone all day long.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i was a college athlete.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i took flight classes.   i love taking pictures.   i have a masters degree.   i never watch tv.   i like noodles alot.   i am from madrid.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i am on a diet.   i got named something pretty common.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i prefer warm tones.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i have a sensible car.   i will not take no for an answer.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i care about appearances.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i own many firearms.   i care about people.   i am currently on my third marriage.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i sound like the stars.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   water is not my friend.   my car is nothing fancy.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   some day i will live on the strip.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   i need to make a change.   i like to travel to other countries.   i am addicted to the internet.   i want to talk german.   my lox are quite lengthy.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i like the small stuff.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i am a ceo.   i love japanese cuisine.   i have a sibling living in europe.   i have an extra thumb.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   crimson is a hot choice.   i am a very speedy typist.   i am a speed speaker.   i love teal and turquoise.   i am obsessed with nerdy shows.   i love listening to the radio.   my friends always say i am shy.   i am not very active.   i go to the mall to hang out.   i am on the spectrum.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with.   i work on the generational land.   i enjoy going to football games.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i happen to love being around others.   i fractured my bone.   i am the youngest.   i have a step mom.   my husband died.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   i enjoy preparing meals.   patrick is my favorite character.   i like cheddar.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i hit the mall alot.   i do not really connect with my family.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   females from other countries are pretty.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i have a truck.   i have multiple pets.   my dad is a great businessman.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i like to spin on stage.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like reading books online.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i like italian food.   i am an mu alumni.   i am a millionaire.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   i have bad luck with pets.   i have a relaxing career.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i have been practicing music for many years.   my nickname is arnie.   i love squeezed oranges.   i love meat hoagies.   i am a young girl.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i am on bed rest.   i like to have fun.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i am into adventure sports.   i do not eat bread.   both of my sons are so cute.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i am an artistic person.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   i like small children.   i am a total social butterfly.   i always feel sick.   i am controlled by other things.   my religion is catholic.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i have several baby pets.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i am studying the humanities.   my spectacles have adhesive between them.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like listening to old metal.   i am a mechanic and i love it.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i came from berlin.   i like jazz.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   me and the lady help people.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   i have a son and daughter.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i have graduated high school.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i take care of my body.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i travel by train.   i am studying biology.   when i hit manhood i left home.   i live with the animals.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i love being in nature.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i like the string beats.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i am a husband and a dad.   my children are my life.   i have a clan.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i like activated on the river.   my father was a police officer.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i do not subscribe to cable.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i am not a fan of italian.   i like the updated computers.   i am not a vegan.   i own a car.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   my job involves saving lives.   i am a fan of animals.   i am practically a chef !.   my father was in the car industry.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i love living close to the water.   people call me a ginger.   i enjoy living near the beach.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i like long bread.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have action figures.   my dad works on cars.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i just graduated high school.   i do not eat burgers.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i like natural drinks.   i love eating an egg.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i love spanish movements.   i am involved with digital currency.   i make software.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i do not need a curling iron.   i am in my mid twenties.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i am a father.   i am having kids soon.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i have returned from visiting england.   i pray every day and go to church every week.   i have continued on with my education.   my job entails writing.   i eat meat.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i like naps.   i live in a city.   i burn water.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   my husband passed away.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i am going to france soon.   i am a pharmacist.   i am from california.   i am the biggest kid.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i like mountain sports.   i haver been to the pool.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat different things.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   my hair is falling out.   i do not like gardening.   i like to watch foreign television.   i am a septuagenarian.   i am a grandmother.   i play on a football team.   i play basketball professionally.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i like to get tattoos.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   i am a barista.   i am also a landlord.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i beat a school contest.   i enjoy inhaling tobacco.   i have had 5 spouses.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i passed the bar.   i participate in martial arts.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   my partner is sick.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i journal as often as i can.   i am employed at a motel.   i like to play xbox.   i should not have as many snacks.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   i am tan.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i go to a lot of formal events.   my ride is a huge rig.   i love eating at my residence.   i have an un curable illness.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i enjoy flying by plane.   i love instrumental songs.   i play the guitar.   i can read music.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i am working on my mba.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i move around the world a lot.   i am almost done with university.   my folks are no longer married.   i am socially favorable.   i got straight as in school.   i got straight as.   i left school to support family.   my mom was a homemaker.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   i have a few kids.   i am learning how to paint.   i am a casual athlete.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i like to take in criminal books.   i work in cages.   i am missing digits.   i am interested in animals.   i am a big eater.   i enjoy taking pictures.   my favorite pets are canines.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i like both red and blue.   i am not a cat person.   i enjoy the water.   i love to show my talents.   i am about to have another kid.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i am married.   i am emotionally unstable.   i love living in california.   i believe in love at first sight.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i feel at home on the water.   winter is my favorite season.   i bike to work each day.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i do not own a car.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i am a recipient of welfare.   i live paycheck to paycheck.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i live on a small farm.   i have a commercial license.   i have a crotch rocket.   i should follow a stricter diet.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i like the green act.   i am employed.   i like to absorb written materials.   i really love soda.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i work out as often as i can.   i am a beginner guitarist.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i love hot weather.   i like to catch animals.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i enjoy using my car.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i do not really remember my dad.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i am very competitive.   i like to visit new places.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   every friday i am at regal cinema.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i like to hit the board.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i have a dyed head.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i am hard of hearing.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i like to move around.   mermaids are my favorite.   i have not finished my academics yet.   my favorite movie is lion king.   i have a parent who is from the soviet.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   my mom was the best teacher.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i do not eat healthy.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   i am irish and love beer.   i am the one who supports my parents.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i like warm colors.   i like dancers.   my lox are golden.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i am in the suburbs.   i have many family members.   i enjoy seafood.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i jog very far.   i enjoy flying planes.   i download videos online.   i am in advertising.   i am allergic to dust.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   trying to pick my major is hard.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   cooking is my passion !.   i live in the lone star state.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i own a pet reptile.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   my mom stays upstairs.   i have bad vision.   i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods.   i used to live in a different country.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i like to laugh.   i am a orphan.   i work for playstation.   i drive a pick up.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i prefer american made trucks.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i want to fix a mustang.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   i am chubby.   i work in a bakery.   i do not take school too seriously.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i enjoy games on a court.   i can not hear.   i have one pet dog.   i am in good shape.   i have several rides.   lebron is my favorite player.   i watch espn.   i study art.   i rent a studio.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i am 21 now.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i have not been north of the united states.   i wake up early daily.   i live in a high rise.   i own a couple lizards.   i want to be a dog trainer.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i work in computer art animation.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i like living by the water.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i used to run track in high school.   i am large.   my digits are large.   i am all skin and bones.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   i play the piano.   i listen to classical music.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i love fall colors.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i feel large.   i like clear drinks.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   my eyewear is so obnoxious.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i do not know my parents.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i am married with triplets.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i am an author.   i like to watch basketball.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i enjoy being active.   i enjoy being lazy in bed.   my locks are chestnut.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i might have an eating disorder.   i care about how others see me.   i was given a grant for sports.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i am unique.   my parents named me nicholas.   i love hanging out with my group.   i hate sounds.   i like to go after seafood.   i love jalapenos.   i rarely change my appearance.   i am really into exercise.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i enjoy mimosas.   i hate dogs.   i look for people with my same interest.   my ride is dark.   i can not talk well.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i have an adorable dog.   i perform a string instrument.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i am college student in biology department.   i do not consume meat.   i have a lot of student loans.   i am a fan of spending money.   i am in contact with my old lover.   soon where i live should change.   i own a piece of land.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i work at a checkout.   i have three other siblings.   i have not seen germany.   i like to learn about the stars.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i like to make music.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i am a pitcher.   i find moa to be interesting.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i appreciate the spanish culture.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i could have swam in the olympics.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   i like being away from the city.   my generation saw the world war.   farming vegetables left.   i have an amazing garden.   i enjoy being a parent.   i just got a house in europe.   i like walking on ice.   i love swedish black metal.   i am forgetful.   i have a diploma from completing the twelfth grade.   i work in a stable.   i am hairy.   hip hop is my favorite.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i attended a religious institution.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i am ditzy.   i am a part time bouncer.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   i like steak.   i am a author.   i have a permit to hunt deer.   i am a player of six strings.   i like to walk in the mountains.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   my folks have good careers.   i am a business major.   i am a well educated businessman.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i like things beside soda.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i have no injuries.   felines are my favorite pets.   i am a big film buff.   i enjoy hbo originals.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i have my office in my house.   i love dressing up as characters.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i am a republican.   my career is in the banking industry.   my sis is a rock star.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   i am an older sister.   i like to deal in paint.   i am enrolled in a design college.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i have blue eyes.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i own a pretty large vehicle.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i am a retired colonel.   i am outside a lot.   i have a fair complexion.   my name is a family name.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i perform on the local level.   i drink local.   i named my clydesdale mr ed.   in my home we have several canines.   my hands are full.   i live a comfortable life.   roses and daffodils are the best.   helping heal people is my profession.   i am a cubs fan.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i am a proud mother.   i hate the beach.   i have a high height.   i own a foreign vehicle.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   we are saying i do in the central valley.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i am getting married soon.   i want to live with someone.   i am an east coaster.   my career involves working to better the earth.   photography is my hobby.   i can memorize lines.   i was a child actor.   i like to act.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i like to ride a board.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   my mom teaches kids.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i am accountant.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i love a good competition.   i need caffeine to exist.   i like to do court games.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i can make words rhyme.   i wish to travel to europe.   i like batman.   i am an accomplished lyricist.   i attended an ivy league college.   i like italian cuisine.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   there are two other people in my family.   i love football.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i really love animals.   i reside in a large metropolis.   i have a basic job.   i want to get in shape.   i have a flair for the dramatic.   my mom teaches music.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i am an amateur psychologist.   i am a single parent of boys.   i have a house.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i am looking for a new career.   i go to dubai.   i play basketball and football.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i am really in to fashion.   i have a good sense of style.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i can talk two ways.   i an a professional painter.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i am a vet tech.   my house is in a high altitude location.   i enjoy seeing new places.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   i am a huge serena williams fan.   my job is in healthcare.   i am not in a relationship.   i like lilies a lot.   i will scale a mountain.   i killed a wild beast.   i like to interact with molds.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i really like mushy foods.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i am a ballerina.   i like to read historical information.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i am social.   i have 7 pets.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   i have a great job.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i only like certain foods.   i am easily angered.   i like to relax.   my father is a godly man.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i have gone across the ocean.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i own a chihuahua.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i have a bunch of kids.   i like to prepare meals.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i am a slow typist.   i love the heat and pool time.   i prefer slacks and shirts.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am in shape.   i like learning about the past.   my mom was a nurse at the hospital.   my parents were labor workers.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i enjoy painting.   milo is purring in my ear.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i mumble while asleep.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i have queues.   i am frequently nagged about matrimony by my sibling.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   mystery stories are my favorite.   my family is close to each other.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i am in another college.   i am a gymnast.   i am a zoologist.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i love canines.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i am a store guard.   i prefer to do what i want to do.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i travel to new places.   i like to go camping.   i love to travel.   i like to care for pets.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i identify as male.   i will be 26 next year.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i prefer beasts to humans.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i am kind of a pet hoarder.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i am short.   i like fast expensive cars.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i work well when i can organize things.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i would like to stay cold.   i live in chicago.   i have odd tastes in songs.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i want to travel to another country.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i am feminine.   i got my mba last year.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i have been live for a decade.   abby is a wonderful person.   i am starting a new activity.   i gave up smoking.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy long road trips.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i love the shade of fire.   i like reptiles and amphibians.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i have a way with words.   i belong to a country club.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i have a water animal.   i like to shake my butt.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   my parent is a body builder.   i prefer to be financially comfortable.   my pupils are hazel.   i have foot odor.   i love steaks.   i have a nickname.   my family assists me.   i work on my days off.   i have a hectic job.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am called maria in italy.   i always enjoyed science.   i love watching movies.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   my vacations have all been on land.   i am a larger female.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i like to act out side of class.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i make documentaries about video games.   i just began telecommuting.   i like hard rock.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i had a tiresome job.   i am an omnivore.   i am in high school.   i love pasta.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   i am a passionate person.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i enjoy art.   my parents had six children.   i am employed in the food industry.   i am always tired.   i love to go to the cinema.   i have twin boys.   i like to be organized.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   i like coloring hearts !.   i like italian meals.   i am in school.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i love sad movies.   i have a small walk up in the city.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i want to work in a hospital.   i have a big family.   i am employed as a emt.   i work in a cubicle.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i recently became a cpa.   i like going for a run.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i like mr happy.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i have bad luck with relationships.   a twin is a rare occurrence.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high.   i have quirky hidden talents.   i am searching for a person.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i love catching fish.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i like snow and ice.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i make all of my purchases online.   i am very talkative.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i like wild animals.   i love to watch tv.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i like to eat.   i am married and have kids.   i never have any free time.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i want a roofless car.   i avoid eating broccoli.   i like american made cars.   i stay in the northern states.   i am on facebook way too often.   i am a sports fan.   i am very comfortable with computers.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i have three older kids in my family.   give me a snickers bar any day.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   my dad brought roses.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i write historical fiction.   i am safe.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i like canines.   i am very attentive in class.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   i enjoy drawing.   i am crafty.   i like flashy outfits.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   my threads are light.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i want to be memorable.   animals are my favorite past time.   i like canadian sports.   i come from an artistic family.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   tim went to california.   organic is the only way for me.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i like horse racing.   i want to have a business that i started.   i have been on television.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy many books.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i like snickers bar.   i am musician.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i was a bad kid.   my family is everything to me.   i enjoy mozart.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i want to volunteer more.   i cant wait to drive.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i only have a single sibling.   i do not have roommates.   i am distant.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   i am really smart.   i have a great wifi system.   i protect for a living.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i enjoy gardening.   i am no longer married.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i stand out among my surroundings.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   being a character is something i love.   i do not understand that.   i love spaghetti.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i like meat in a bun.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy fast food.   on the weekends i watch events.   i am an acrobat.   my child is now an adult.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i hail from canada.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   my grandparents were immigrants.   i do not like cold weather.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i would go with a band when they tour the road.   i care about my education.   i am a spiritual person.   i want to get work up north.   i take care of animals for my job.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   i have a boy and a girl.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i have two daughters.   i have a very strict diet.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i hate ham.   i really enjoy fruit.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i enjoy camping in the wild.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i play guitar in my spare time.   i am a musician and a brain.   i have a green thumb.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   i eat only salad.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i enjoy having pets.   i am an rn at a local clinic.   i wish i had a siblings.   i have been around the world.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i like to eat people.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   i am a jock.   i enjoy apples.   i like creating superheroes.   i am not a people person.   i am creative.   i am six feet.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i raise my own fruit.   i believe in magic.   i am very crafty.   i want a new haircut.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i have a passion for literature.   i am ordered.   i play the tuba.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i want to jump out of plane.   i rent a place together with my sibling.   i help homeless animals.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like body art.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i am a typical teenager.   i met my soulmate in the pool.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i am studying to be a gynecologist.   i like the color lilac.   dude has big afro.   my house is by the beach.   i do not like animal food.   i have a long wavy ponytail.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i am from a rural area.   i love to go camping.   i am in my early 20s.   i am quite big.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd.   i actually enjoy studying.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i have a couple of kids.   i like to drink alot.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   my body is a canvas.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   sometimes i get angry.   i like to get my day started.   i work for a casino.   nature really refreshes me.   i buy too many clothes.   i am a private person.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i am always hungry.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i have a hard time moving on.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   my parents are religious.   i own a record shop.   i study money at a bar.   i travel all over the world.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i only need to be with my partner.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i hate the long run.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i am canadian.   i am a fitness junkie.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   that mutt means the world to me.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i love natural colors.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i love those sleek italian cars.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i am very vocal about my opinions.   i feel drawn to many objects.   everyday , i deal with pain.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i believe in treating others equally.   my new work consists of law.   i am retired.   i was named after einstein.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   my mode of transportation is leased.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i have a home in canada.   i always found video games to be fun.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i am not a morning person.   i like to take pictures.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i reside near a urban area.   i birthed a boy and two girls.   i want to be a teacher.   i am not afraid to get dirty.   i am from minnesota.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i like to skate.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i try to stay fit.   i have chick.   my folks are very good climbers.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i love spin class.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   i am very flexible.   i like bright light shades.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   my dad has coronary problems.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i compose small movies.   i did not have many friends in high school.   my self expression is typically through painting.   i have a very active imagination.   i love ordering from amazon.   i love the harry potter books.   i sip beverages all week.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i wear dark clothing.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i like looking at the sky.   i am from a different lan.   education is important to me.   i become marry in my youth.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   my parents are famous.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i am young.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i am from louisiana.   i want to be on broadway.   i admire people who write books.   i have a full time job.   my job is in the financial field.   i am very well mannered.   i am a hard worker.   i am a farmer.   i am allergic to almost everything.   i am bored in the suburbs.   i like soda.   i love to bake.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i am not a picky eater.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i eat naturally.   i wear a lot of black.   i am half a student.   i am a harvard alumni.   my sibling was in the military.   i enjoy playing music.   i only eat plants.   i am a guitar player.   i have dark mane.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i save lives.   i was so timid i did not go.   i work as a doctor.   i used to participate in contests.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i have a job in finance.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i have a lot of height on me.   i have 12 children.   i have a lot of body mass.   i like to stay at the same place.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i have a cowboy hat.   i hated being taught education.   i enjoying going on the sand.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i play air guitar.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i love playing fallout 4.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i like hot texas , mexican.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i am a drummer.   i like fast cars.   i am a educator.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i own an xbox one.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   i have a yellow dog.   i have a sibling.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i like big bang theory.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i attend many social events.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i dream about moving abroad someday.   i am not good with money.   i enjoy club beats.   i like to stay busy.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   my job is now at the library.   i eat no meat.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i like to go to the library.   i want to relocate.   i am musically inclined.   i enjoy water sports.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i have no sons.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   my mom moved here from the middle east.   i am a smart attractive female.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   the customer is always right.   i do not block calls.   i like vegetables.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i like babies.   i am flashy.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i am a clean freak.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am just beginning my twenties.   i am mexican.   i am unhealthy.   i am very family oriented.   my house is by the water.   i love being a mom.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i have children and i am a woman.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i am sort of a celebrity.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i love my smartphone.   i am too out going.   i really want to be an animal doctor.   i am not comfortable with my body.   i enjoy doing art.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i have no education.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i am bilingual.   i have a little son.   i teach in elementary school.   i like lilac and pink.   the priest here is my dad.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i need a regular trip.   i have deja vu.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i love basketball.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i love books and reading.   i have sugar issues.   i have a time consuming commute.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   i like earth.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i hate cats.   i travel to other places around the world.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i hope to see the world with my husband.   i used to work in education.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i am an lgbt ally.   i am always up later than most.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i love programming.   i like to program.   i am a first generation american.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i do not have brown peepers.   i do not want to admit to my inner emo.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i enjoy aggressive bands.   older musical films are the best.   i like to garden on the weekends.   mexican is my favorite food.   my job can be described as clerical.   i just adopted a some kittens.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i swallow a lot of brews.   i love walking in the woods.   i like meat and vegetables.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love.   i drive long distances for work.   i have a ton of energy.   my dad drove a truck.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i attend church regularly.   i love to watch scary things.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   boy bands are the best !.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i move around a lot.   my spouse is a businessmen.   i have bright weave.   i finished my education years ago.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i enjoy rock bands.   i am a nurse in the emergency room.   i practice law.   i hit the water.   i am expanding my knowledge.   i love getting a manicure.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i am good at beach sports.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   i like to be on the road.   my mom has too many clothes.   i am sick of most animals.   i enjoy massages.   i like to cook spaghetti.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i work with animals.   i enjoy the ocean.   i like the adult cartoons.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i love using my video camera.   i cannot tell a lie.   being dead scared me.   i am a competitive dancer.   i like snacks.   i only graduated from high school.   beef is my favorite food.   i can process information very quickly.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i enjoy laughing.   i watch cartoons still.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i like iced snacks.   i go to europe every year.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i like reading.   i am interested in the thoughts of others.   i share my feelings online.   i do not have a car.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i like blues and similar stuff.   i love washington state and their capital.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i enjoy manicures.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i own a cute puppy.   i love how scarlet looks.   i have been away for a long time.   i own a small dog.   i am a grandma.   i am in an urban area.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am looking for a new house.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i am no longer working.   my footwear is navy.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   i am my own person.   i push a sea colored ride.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i am a part time service worker.   i am in law school.   i am a fan of whisky.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   i am going to an island soon.   i know a lot about other places.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i am an entrepreneur.   my gender is female.   my mom was a british ballerina.   i am relocating for a job.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i have three kids.   i work in an auto shop.   i am on the west coast.   i stay up.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   i love to be at the lake.   home grown vegetables are better for you.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i have a house in the midwest.   i cannot stand winters.   i watch the voice evey week.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i watch too much television.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   my passion is equality for all ,.   i cant see very well.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   my partner lives with me.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   i like reading religious books.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i have a son and a daughter.   i like being on the water.   i do not like to be sad.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i love learning about new things.   i am in an urban are.   i need aide walking.   i learnt to drive.   i read in braille.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i am no longer in my twenties.   i have a house in the suburbs.   i am a family man.   i live in a rural setting.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports.   i love italian.   i enjoy being alone.   i read a lot of books.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i love darker hues.   i like to walk.   i am not a parent.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   my family is not from the us.   i live in a southern state.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i keep track of sport stats.   i love fantasy.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   i am a megalomaniac.   i am not friendly.   i love my mate.   i do not like who i am.   my husband is forty years old.   i own a new ride.   my job is important.   i like reading more than anything.   i like to be at the beach.   this our fifth year anniversary.   i like hard music.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i dislike beauty products.   i like to get manicures.   commuting is cheap for me.   riding my huffy is my favorite.   i am a neat freak.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i sneeze in dusty places.   i am a little ocd about my hygiene.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i really love the outdoors.   i love to play ball sports.   my family likes out door adventures.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day.   i am nordic.   i have random things i like to do.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i love head banging songs.   i hate red vegetables.   i am not as young as i used to be.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i like to take strolls in nature.   i have a couple pets.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i love broadway !.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i love the classic composers.   i am into expensive cars.   my dad is indian.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes.   my mom taught in a preschool.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i like cutting my own jeans.   my mother raised me.   my mom is employed as a financial institution.   i love italian cuisine.   i take care of lost pets.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i get anxiety around people.   i do not have any brothers or sisters.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   i have a lot of family traditions.   i like to go to sports games.   i like the main car in the movie.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i love to vacation with nature.   italian food is my favorite !.   i am completing my studies.   i am a chef and a painter.   i have several boys and a man.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i ride around selling books.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i want to be a pro athlete.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i do not like athletics.   i have raw talent for this.   i work as a clerk.   eating is something i enjoy.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i moved into a big house.   i have a german car.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i have alot of arm art.   i really enjoy crafting.   i am employed by sam adams.   i have a young kid.   i only own a single set of footwear.   i am happy a lot of the time.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i immigrated to ca.   i cook my own meals.   i cannot stand clutter.   i pilot a nimble automobile.   i love listening to great music.   tupac is my favorite singer.   i listen to rap music.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i am energized by social situations.   i spent my time reading.   i want to be a jetsetter.   i consume organic.   i am an elected official.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i am a mother of one.   i bake for a living.   my spouse is a federal employee.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i like dogs you can eat.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i love interacting on my console.   my commute each morning is on the train.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   i vacuum daily.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i am a server on the weekends.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i watch television.   i am not a woman.   i am sick.   i work with lawyers.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   my wife and i have a small family of 5.   i am struggling to make ends meet.   i want my bf to get a new job.   i am younger than 30.   i have a kid.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i have pets.   i work in law enforcement.   i just became single my girl left me.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   half way to retirement.   i am a young child.   i read about 3 books a week.   i like alternative rock.   i am a concierge.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i am close to my family.   i am and excellent ball thrower.   i like to talk.   dessert is my favorite meal.   i teach young children.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i enjoy being on the water.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif.   i live along the coast.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   fish is my favorite food.   i work with automobiles.   i can watch tv for hours.   i wish i had a higher salary.   pasta is my favorite meal.   i reside living with my father and bro.   i do not like to change my style.   i donate my time to rescues.   i can move my body to music.   i can not spell to save my life.   i enjoy riding waves on a board.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i like to play instruments.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i like watching sports.   i had cows as pets growing up.   i love to shove food in my maw.   i know we are not alone in space.   i am going on strike.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   technology is fascinating to me.   my family and i reside in a high rise.   i am very physically fit.   i like fast food.   i have a beater of a ride.   i am small but mighty.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   i am not old.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i can not seem to gain employment.   i am an arts and crafts person.   i am my own boss.   i hate western bands.   my facial hair is very full.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i want to be thinner.   i am petite.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   i can not see things that are far away.   i want to write for a living.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i moonlight as a banker.   my dad worked with money.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i am from the north.   i like to party on the weekends.   i like mustard.   i used to be very athletic.   i really do not like cold winters.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i enjoy my job in branding.   i am looking for a husband.   i care about my looks.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i got a divorce.   i am a single mother.   i have just started school.   i like stripped animals.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i like to shake my ass.   i like to wear dresses.   i love any kind of classical music.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could.   i am very good with numbers.   jane austen is my favorite author.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   i am half a century.   i am studying a new language in school.   my group is going to go overseas.   i hate trying small print.   i am trying my best to get cash.   i bite my fingernails.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   i change loved one quick.   i go to the water and use my boat.   i learned about morals from him.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i like to hear about the world.   i am socially aware.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite.   i like to look at the sky.   i have a dark automobile.   i like music and concerts.   i punch numbers for a living.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !.   i love steak.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i love fruit more than anything.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   i have a bio garden.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one.   pasta is my favorite food.   i enjoy musicals.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i like to read.   i care about my health.   i intend on furthering my education.   i want to protect the environment.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i learned to read very early.   i enjoy helping animals.   i like anything made from italy.   i work in a library.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed.   i care about me body.   i used to be enlisted in the army.   i have a gym membership.   i am a professional freight driver.   i like watching the nfl.   i stay with my folks.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   my female parent does it all on her own.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i have just completed my education.   i love foreign animated shows.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i have been at the er forever.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively.   my mom is a cosmetologist.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility.   i have not experienced much.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i am in tight budget.   i often complain.   i have a lot of children.   i wish to go to space.   i am a ninja.   i like to paint.   males run in my family.   i have seen many interesting fish.   my bil is in the entertainment industry.   i know sign language.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   i like to play ball.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv.   i treat sick people in a big building.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time.   i am currently staying in a midwest state.   i used to b a lawyer.   i am studying to be a writer.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
type	 desert is my favorite type of food.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   my favorite type of exercise is running. 
running	 i like tv and running outside.   i enjoy running.   my favorite type of exercise is running. 
younger	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i have two younger brothers.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i am younger than 30. 
carnivore	 i am a carnivore.   i am a serious carnivore. 
carnivore	 i am a carnivore.   i am a serious carnivore. 
mother	 my mother is the closest person to me.   my mother has a terrible illness.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   my mother works at kroger.   my mother tells fortunes.   my mother is in law.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   my mother works in healthcare.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   i came out of my mother early.   i do not know my real mother.   i am the mother of a boy.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i am always working as a mother.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mother has no job.   i am a mother.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i am a grandmother.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i am a proud mother.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   there is nothing like my mother.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   my mother is strong.   my mother raised me.   i am a mother of one.   i do not know my mother.   mother in phone stuff.   i am a single mother. 
woman	 i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   my foot is small to be a woman.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i have children and i am a woman.   i am not a woman. 
parent	 my parents had 5 kids.   my parents are very judgmental and rude.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   my parents are very patient with me.   my parent educates others.   i love being a parent.   i would do anything for my parent.   i am a parent to 2 toddlers.   i do not know my real parents.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   my parents own there own compnay.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i am a parent.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   my parents are both employed.   my parent is a music shaker.   one parent resides in my home.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i grew up close with my parents.   my parent works to help children.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i am the parent to a single kid.   my parents had more than one child.   i pay my parents rent.   my parents had many children.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   my parents own a star like walmart.   my parents are very interesting.   i love my parents.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i have a parent who is from the soviet.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i do not know my parents.   my parents named me nicholas.   i enjoy being a parent.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i am a single parent of boys.   my parents were labor workers.   i worked in my parents cafe.   my parent is a body builder.   my parents had six children.   my grandparents were immigrants.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   my parents are religious.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   my parents are famous.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am not a parent.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   my female parent does it all on her own. 
adult	 i am an adult.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   my kids are basically adults.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   my child is now an adult.   i like the adult cartoons.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation. 
kin	 i am an expert at making food.   i have pale skin.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i find pleasure in cooking.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i do not like working.   i jam on the skins.   i enjoy baking.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i am looking fora job.   i need to be kind to others.   i love working with kids.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i am looking for a job.   i like making pasta.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i enjoy making clothing.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i can be kind of gross.   i am skinny.   i am done working ,.   i love italian cooking.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i like working where i live.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i enjoy making food.   i love making things.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i have been working for many years.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i am the bomb at food making.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i like the pigskin.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i do well speaking to others.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am employees in the baking industry.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i am a hard working individual.   i like working with animals.   my family is hard working.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   walking through the mall is fun.   i am always working out.   i am single and looking.   saturday night i go drinking.   i like making a salmon entree.   i am kind of a homebody.   i am always working as a mother.   i like cooking for people.   i am working on my internet career.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i enjoy making things.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   my mos was working in school.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   making cookies is fun.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i always liked making food.   i enjoy making people pretty.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i can be kind of competetive.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i like the pigskin sport.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i love taking pictures.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i am working on my mba.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i like to ink my skin.   my favorite movie is lion king.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i enjoy walking the trails.   cooking is my passion !.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i am all skin and bones.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i like walking on ice.   i enjoy working with children.   my career is in the banking industry.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i am kind of a pet hoarder.   i gave up smoking.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i like looking at the sky.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i do not like king sized beds.   i love walking in the woods.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i am looking for a new house.   i am no longer working.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i need aide walking.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i am looking for a husband.   i love any kind of classical music.   i like working with numbers.   i enjoy working. 
human	 human automation is my passion.   i am studying the humanities.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i prefer beasts to humans. 
person	 my mother is the closest person to me.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am a very social person.   i am a creative person.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i am an animal person.   i am an older person.   i am a positive person.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i am a dog person.   i am a religious person.   i am personable.   i have always been a dog person.   i am a horse person.   i am a very complicated person.   i am not a dog person.   i am a lazy person.   i am a very peppy person.   i am a social person.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i have a hippie personality.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i am a very vain person.   i am a musical person.   i am a crafty person.   i am a happy person.   i am a pretty lazy person.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i am an artistic person.   i am not a cat person.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   abby is a wonderful person.   i am a passionate person.   i am searching for a person.   i am a spiritual person.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i am not a people person.   i am a private person.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i am not a morning person.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i am my own person.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i am an arts and crafts person.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
subject	 my favorite subject is psychology.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology. 
agent	 i like magenta. 
person	 my mother is the closest person to me.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am a very social person.   i am a creative person.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i am an animal person.   i am an older person.   i am a positive person.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i am a dog person.   i am a religious person.   i am personable.   i have always been a dog person.   i am a horse person.   i am a very complicated person.   i am not a dog person.   i am a lazy person.   i am a very peppy person.   i am a social person.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i have a hippie personality.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i am a very vain person.   i am a musical person.   i am a crafty person.   i am a happy person.   i am a pretty lazy person.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i am an artistic person.   i am not a cat person.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   abby is a wonderful person.   i am a passionate person.   i am searching for a person.   i am a spiritual person.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i am not a people person.   i am a private person.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i am not a morning person.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i am my own person.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i am an arts and crafts person.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
5	 my parents had 5 kids.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i get up before 5 everyday.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i am 15 and in the 10th grade.   i have 5 pets.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i have had 5 spouses.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i just turned 65 this past week.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   in 2 months i will be 54.   my wife and i have a small family of 5. 
kids	 my parents had 5 kids.   i watch kids.   my sister has lots of kids.   i have a couple kids.   i love my kids.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i love working with kids.   i have a lot of kids.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i like to spend time with my kids.   my kids are basically adults.   i have no kids.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i would like to have kids one day.   i have several kids.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   i work with kids.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i am having kids soon.   i have a few kids.   i take care of my kids during the day.   my mom teaches kids.   i like to work with kids.   i have a bunch of kids.   i am married and have kids.   i have three older kids in my family.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i have a couple of kids.   i have three kids.   i love spending time with my kids.   i have a lot of kids and pets. 
fairy tales	 i like fairy tales. 
tale	 i like fairy tales.   i have totaled two cars.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i love to show my talents.   i have quirky hidden talents.   i have raw talent for this. 
admire	 i admire lipton beverages.   the hue i most admire is plum.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i admire people who write books. 
lipton	 i admire lipton beverages. 
drink	 i enjoy cold drinks.   i pick up the drinks.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i do not drink soda.   saturday night i go drinking.   i can not drink milk.   i like to drink after a long day.   i really like sugary drinks.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i like natural drinks.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i like clear drinks.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i drink local.   i like to drink alot.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i do not drink. 
food	 i am an expert at making food.   my favorite food is italian.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i like to try new foods.   i like seafood a lot.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i love mexican food.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i am a foodie.   i enjoy breakfast food.   desert is my favorite type of food.   i like food.   i like sweet food.   i like spicy foods.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   italian food is my favorite.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i enjoy making food.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i am a farmer and grow my own food.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i like seafood.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i am the bomb at food making.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i work bagging food.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i love italian food.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am a server at a food place.   i eat greasy foods.   i enjoy growing my own food.   i like to be surprised by my food.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   seafood is gross to me.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i do not like mexican food.   i always liked making food.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i like italian food.   i like cheesy foods.   i like weird foods.   i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i enjoy seafood.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i like to go after seafood.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i really like mushy foods.   i only like certain foods.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i am employed in the food industry.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i enjoy fast food.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i do not like animal food.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i like to cook different foods.   mexican is my favorite food.   beef is my favorite food.   i would rather get locally produced food.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   italian food is my favorite !.   fish is my favorite food.   i love to shove food in my maw.   i like fast food.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   pasta is my favorite food. 
fluid	 i like fluid from out of country. 
substance	 i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. 
food	 i am an expert at making food.   my favorite food is italian.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i like to try new foods.   i like seafood a lot.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i love mexican food.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i am a foodie.   i enjoy breakfast food.   desert is my favorite type of food.   i like food.   i like sweet food.   i like spicy foods.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   italian food is my favorite.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i enjoy making food.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i am a farmer and grow my own food.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i like seafood.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i am the bomb at food making.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i work bagging food.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i love italian food.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am a server at a food place.   i eat greasy foods.   i enjoy growing my own food.   i like to be surprised by my food.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   seafood is gross to me.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i do not like mexican food.   i always liked making food.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i like italian food.   i like cheesy foods.   i like weird foods.   i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i enjoy seafood.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i like to go after seafood.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i really like mushy foods.   i only like certain foods.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i am employed in the food industry.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i enjoy fast food.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i do not like animal food.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i like to cook different foods.   mexican is my favorite food.   beef is my favorite food.   i would rather get locally produced food.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   italian food is my favorite !.   fish is my favorite food.   i love to shove food in my maw.   i like fast food.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   pasta is my favorite food. 
matter	 my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become. 
words	 i made it to printed words.   i check written words.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i like to see written words.   i can make words rhyme.   i have a way with words. 
health professional	 i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. 
professional	 i want to sing professionally.   i would love to be a professional.   i have a professional job.   i am a young professional.   i play professional basketball.   i am a professional car racer.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i play basketball professionally.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i an a professional painter.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i am a professional freight driver. 
worker	 i am a disgruntled worker.   i am a motivated worker.   my mom and dad are education workers.   my parents were labor workers.   i am a labor worker.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   i am a part time service worker.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed. 
title	 i have a long title and i am a teen. 
trade	 i am a lumberjack by trade.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i left my small town to work in construction trades. 
grant	 i am a immigrant.   i was given a grant for sports.   my grandparents were immigrants. 
exchange	 i am employed at the stock exchange. 
expensive	 i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i like fast expensive cars.   i am into expensive cars. 
theory	 i like big bang theory. 
chicago	 i live in chicago. 
could	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   in my youth i could spell competitively.   i could never be a vegetarian.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i could have swam in the olympics.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could. 
love art	 i love art metal bands.   i love arts and crafts. 
style	 i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i like small hairstyles.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i tend to prefer older style things.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i have a good sense of style.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i love to design my own styles.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i do not like to change my style. 
genre	 i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
enjoy	 i enjoy computers and phones.   i enjoy my albums.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i enjoy a good hike.   i enjoy seeing the world.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i enjoy pop music.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i enjoy being creative.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i enjoy watching animated films.   i enjoy moving my body.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i enjoy being fake.   i enjoy breakfast food.   i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   i enjoy jogging.   i enjoy classic literature.   i enjoy being outside.   i enjoy baking.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i enjoy books.   i enjoy her company.   i enjoy surfing the web.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i enjoy a good book.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i enjoy football and other games.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i enjoy making clothing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i enjoy the sun.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i enjoy speed.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i enjoy being around animals.   i enjoy cosplay.   i enjoy long films.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i enjoy time on the water.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i enjoy making food.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i enjoy romance.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i enjoy grunge music.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   i enjoy being in nature.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i enjoy learning.   i enjoy video games.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i enjoy language arts.   i enjoy being outdoors.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i enjoy writing.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i enjoy moving to music.   i enjoy snow.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i enjoy my job.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i enjoy music.   i enjoy being frightened.   i enjoy the outdoors.   i enjoy going to other places.   i enjoy reading books.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   i enjoy fixing my brew.   i enjoy growing my own food.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i enjoy naps here and there.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i enjoy exercising ,.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i enjoy catching bass.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i do not enjoy driving.   i enjoy dance.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i enjoy non fiction.   i enjoy making things.   i enjoy religion songs.   i enjoy team sports.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i enjoy music experiences.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   i enjoy hip hop.   i enjoy nature.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i enjoy readin.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers.   i enjoy flying a kite.   i enjoy running.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i enjoy exercising.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i enjoy wrestling.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i enjoy beer and wine.   i enjoy rural drives.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i enjoy going to football games.   i enjoy preparing meals.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i enjoy loud music.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i enjoy life.   i enjoy living near the beach.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i enjoy photography.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i enjoy inhaling tobacco.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i enjoy flying by plane.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i enjoy the water.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i enjoy using my car.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy seafood.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i enjoy flying planes.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   i enjoy games on a court.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i enjoy being active.   i enjoy being lazy in bed.   i enjoy mimosas.   i enjoy the pool in the summer.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i enjoy being a parent.   i enjoy working with children.   i enjoy hbo originals.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i enjoy swimming.   i enjoy spicy cuisine.   i enjoy kitties.   i enjoy seeing new places.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i enjoy painting.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i enjoy lively music.   i enjoy surfing.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i enjoy long road trips.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i always enjoyed science.   i enjoy art.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i enjoy the writing of jk rowling.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i enjoy exploring.   i enjoy drawing.   i enjoy many books.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i enjoy mozart.   i enjoy gardening.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy fast food.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i really enjoy fruit.   i enjoy live productions.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i enjoy camping in the wild.   i enjoy having pets.   i enjoy apples.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd.   i actually enjoy studying.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i enjoy playing music.   i enjoying going on the sand.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i enjoy club beats.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i enjoy water sports.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i enjoy doing art.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i enjoy short sleeps.   i enjoy aggressive bands.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i enjoy horror novels.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i enjoy rock bands.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i enjoy massages.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   i enjoy the ocean.   i enjoy laughing.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i enjoy manicures.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i enjoy cycling.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i enjoy being alone.   i enjoy super hero movies.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   eating is something i enjoy.   i really enjoy crafting.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i enjoy funny things.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i enjoy being on the water.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif.   i enjoy riding waves on a board.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i enjoy my job in branding.   i enjoy fishing.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i enjoy musicals.   i enjoy helping animals.   i enjoy sports.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i enjoy working.   i enjoy seeing live music. 
computer	 i enjoy computers and phones.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i am on the computer a lot.   i am not well versed in computers.   i work with computers.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i do work on a computer.   i do computer and software work.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like the updated computers.   i work in computer art animation.   i work in computers.   i am very comfortable with computers.   i enjoy playing on the computer. 
machine	 i work on the line with machines.   i know a lot about machinery.   i once owned a slot machine.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
telephone	 i do not like to talk over the telephone. 
would	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i would love to be a professional.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i would do anything for my parent.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i would like to be employed.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i would rather not have vegetables.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i would like to have kids one day.   i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.   some would compare me to fine wine.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i would like to lose weight.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i would like to stay cold.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i would go with a band when they tour the road.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility. 
skydiving	 i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can. 
aspiring	 i am an aspiring actor. 
tell	 i tell jokes on stage.   i am very intelligent.   my mother tells fortunes.   i am a teller.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   i like to tell jokes.   i cannot tell a lie. 
jokes	 i tell jokes on stage.   i like to tell jokes. 
stage	 i tell jokes on stage.   i tried out to be on stage.   i have stage fright.   my mom was a star on stage.   i like to spin on stage.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. 
performing arts	 i watch performing arts. 
people	 i do not know many people.   a few people share my flat.   i want to help people.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i have awesome people i hang out with.   i take care of people.   i am around people all day.   i do not like to be around people.   i am distrustful of people.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   people say i am a force if nature.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i do not like people very much.   i do not get along with other people easily.   people call me weird names.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i do not like the way people see me.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i help people in the medical profession.   i like meeting new people.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i like to entertain people.   i like being with the people i know best.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   i like cooking for people.   i get awkward around people.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i live with multiple people.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i train people on the internet.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i care about people.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   me and the lady help people.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   people call me a ginger.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   i do not pick the right people.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i look for people with my same interest.   i like to sell books to people.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   helping heal people is my profession.   there are two other people in my family.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i like to eat people.   i am not a people person.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i admire people who write books.   other people live with me.   i see some interesting people at my job.   people find me to be off.   i get anxiety around people.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i judge people on their looks.   i treat sick people in a big building. 
country	 i like fluid from out of country.   i work in the country.   i live in the country.   i am form out of country.   i have been in the country all my life.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i fly around the country for work.   i protect my country.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate the country music.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i used to live out of the country.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i used to live in a different country.   i want to travel to another country.   i belong to a country club.   i like country music.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i do not like country.   i love country music.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic. 
rock music	 i like rock music.   i like to listen to rock music.   i love rock music.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i enjoy alternative rock music. 
judgment	 my parents are very judgmental and rude. 
allergic	 i am allergic to dust.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i am allergic to almost everything. 
rare	 i am rarely home.   i rarely change my appearance.   a twin is a rare occurrence. 
disease	 i am a survivor of a terrible disease.   i have a serious disease. 
shape	 i am in great shape.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i am in good shape.   i want to get in shape.   i am in shape. 
glasses	 glasses give me a headache.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i do not need glasses. 
solid	 i make few , but very solid , relationships. 
headache	 glasses give me a headache. 
pain	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i just sold my first painting !.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i am going to paint my room purple.   i am learning how to paint.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i like to deal in paint.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i an a professional painter.   i enjoy painting.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   everyday , i deal with pain.   my self expression is typically through painting.   i am a chef and a painter.   i like to paint. 
dark eyes	 i have dark eyes. 
outdoor recreation	 my house is close to outdoor recreation. 
outdoor sports	 i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i enjoy outdoor sports. 
dislike	 i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i dislike hatred.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i dislike animal products.   i dislike tidying up.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i dislike beauty products. 
orange	 i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i love squeezed oranges. 
vegetables	 i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   i do not like vegetables.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   i love growing vegetables.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   i would rather not have vegetables.   i do not like certain vegetables.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   farming vegetables left.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i like vegetables.   i like meat and vegetables.   home grown vegetables are better for you.   i hate red vegetables. 
ballpark	 in summer i live at the ballpark. 
arena	 my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type. 
youth	 in my youth i could spell competitively.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i become marry in my youth. 
event	 i keep up with current events.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i love planning events.   i coordinate events.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i love music events.   on the weekends i watch events.   i attend many social events.   my afternoons consist of sporting events. 
magic	 i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   i like magic creatures.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i believe in magic. 
competitions	 i perform in competitions. 
made	 i made it to printed words.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i prefer american made trucks.   i like american made cars.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i like anything made from italy. 
technology	 technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i work in technology.   i rely a lot on technology.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   technology is fascinating to me. 
about science	 i love books about science.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science. 
print	 i made it to printed words.   i like to print my thought s.   i hate trying small print. 
egypt	 i want to go to egypt some day. 
at	 i am in great shape.   i am an expert at making food.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i watch kids.   i possess a death carriage.   i like the sand and water.   i am a current resident in the united state.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i work at eureka.   i hail from the lone star state.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i need to educate myself more.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i like to watch sports.   i like to stay up late.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   i live in the state by colorado.   i adore cats.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i work at a juice business.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i am going to a private college.   i am done with my education.   i have a job at sears.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i love to be under water.   i am continuing my education.   i am fat.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   a few people share my flat.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i love to catch sea bass.   i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i love the water.   i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i attend night classes.   we have relocated a ton.   i wish to join education.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i am a natural brunette.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i eat dominos every day.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i became an orphan at an early age.   i like to make miniatures.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i hate overtime.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   my father flies for delta.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i curate art.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   a soldier is what i am.   i did not graduate from university.   i enjoy being creative.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   my neighborhood can get loud late.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i enjoy watching animated films.   my parents are very patient with me.   i am a student at the university.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   people say i am a force if nature.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   my parent educates others.   i am mature lady.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i like to participate in sports.   i want to live closer to nature.   i have a freeloader at home.   i booked a boat for the summer.   my babies love catnip and cat grass.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i love being with freezing water.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i hate being poor.   i wish i were more creative.   i am very creative.   i have great friends.   my mother works at kroger.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i possess a lot of patience.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   i have a boat.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i enjoy classic literature.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i cannot be alone at night.   i love bands like the beatles.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i like things that are not complicated.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i currently work at starbucks.   i like large bodies of water.   i take in a lot of information.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i am a fan if the great white.   i cannot stand the heat.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   i spend time at the pool.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i love cats.   i do not eat sugar.   i am recognized for being neat.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i like television real late.   i do not like to watch tv.   i am a creative person.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have tons of relatives.   i like hot weather.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i create music on instruments.   i am currently attend indiana university.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i like catching sharks.   i like to walk through nature.   i have hit alot of attractions.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i like to create.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i watch performing arts.   i do not eat meat.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i am attending college to obtain my ba.   i have no clue who my father is.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i hate going to the coast.   i will graduate next year.   batman is my favorite hero.   i am immature.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i hate pets.   i lift a lot at the gym.   i prefer animation to live action.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i enjoy time on the water.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i eat fish all the time.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like caffeinated beverages.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i will be attending college in california.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i like to ride from state to state.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i am patriotic.   i am an amateur entomologist.   i like beats.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i like to watch tv.   i am employed at a college.   i love nature.   i like to watch dressage.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i attended a state school.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i reside in manhattan.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   fried catfish is delicious.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   it is difficult for me to eat.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i am a father to four sons.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i own a store that sells sweets.   i dislike hatred.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i am not very good at love.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i enjoy being in nature.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   i am the bomb at food making.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i am getting my degree at home.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   this is my first year at new york university.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i feel the need to relocate.   i do not like being told what to do.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   height is missing from my stature.   i teach sun salutations.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i have a great imagination.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i win a lot at the casino.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i am in my last year of education.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i reside in the sunshine state.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   i have a positive attitude.   education is a passion of mine.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i stay up late.   i hate my old job.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like to eat beef.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i am very good at certain things.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i like to sketch batman.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   i am athletic.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   my spouse hates us.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i love cats and their babies.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i am employed at fun city.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i love being in the water.   i like cold weather.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i teach pilates.   all i do is stay at the office.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i have dark features.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i am in the sanitation industry.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i work at the zoo.   my job is in government relations.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am not dating anyone.   i am a server at a food place.   i eat greasy foods.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i educate young children.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i am related to a star.   i have three great dogs.   i educated tweens and teens.   i love watching nfl.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate throwing out plastic.   i work at a salon.   i am trying to eat less meat.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i found some great gold studs today.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i work with young athletes.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i hate the country music.   i do not have a great voice.   i wear a lot of hats.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i am educated.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i like to educate myself.   beef is my favorite meat.   i like to be at the lake.   i invested in real estate.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i would rather not have vegetables.   i make sure that i have some armament with me.   saturday night i go drinking.   i work at walmart.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i think what goes around comes around.   i am a very complicated person.   i like to watch movies.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i love to eat meat.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i like watching college sports.   i am a great artist.   my spouse is a great cook.   my father has been absent from my lifel.   i coordinate events.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i enjoy catching bass.   i am a great musician.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i work at a drive thru.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a motivated worker.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i am very often eating take out.   i do not fear death.   i am rather short.   i love eating sugary things.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i have a long distance relationship.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i like to swim at the gym.   i am a philatelist.   i will not go on elevators.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i love fried potato sticks.   that thing is not large enough.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i hate christmas.   i like to meditate.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i like to eat greasy things.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i do not like relationships.   i eat a lot.   kittens irritate my allergies.   i just graduated finally done.   i hate being late.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i have dark and unique features.   i want to be an attorney.   i have defined features.   i like to eat jell o.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   i watch cnn every day.   i went to alabama state.   i do not date.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i eat out.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i enjoy nature.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   i work at an auto dealer.   my mane is not a natural color.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i am in a relationship.   i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.   i do not like red meat.   i like death bands.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i like my female office mate.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i like watching videos online.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   meat is disgusting.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i hate shelled things.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   my only means of transportation is down.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   my job is at nordstrom.   i have a job with a corporation.   my mom was an educator.   i live in the long horn state.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i am pretty athletic.   my family is creative.   i am good at video games.   my father was enlisted in the army.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i think comedy films are great.   my family is athletic.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i love eating tacos.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   human automation is my passion.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i do not have any older relatives.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i date a lot of girls.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i have a great imagination !.   i do not want a relationship.   i am good at geometry.   i like magic creatures.   i like to eat steak.   i recently graduated from college.   i am a patriot.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i like to compete at games.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i attended higher education.   i was a college athlete.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i never watch tv.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am a cub master at our local den.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   water is not my friend.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i work on the generational land.   patrick is my favorite character.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   my dad is a great businessman.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i love meat hoagies.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i do not eat bread.   my religion is catholic.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i have graduated high school.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i love being in nature.   i like the string beats.   i like activated on the river.   my father was a police officer.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i like the updated computers.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   my father was in the car industry.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i love living close to the water.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i just graduated high school.   i do not eat burgers.   i like natural drinks.   i love eating an egg.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i am a father.   i have continued on with my education.   i eat meat.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i burn water.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i love to eat different things.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i like to watch foreign television.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i like to get tattoos.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i beat a school contest.   i participate in martial arts.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i am employed at a motel.   i love eating at my residence.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i am a casual athlete.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am a big eater.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   i am not a cat person.   i enjoy the water.   i believe in love at first sight.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i feel at home on the water.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i like to absorb written materials.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i love hot weather.   i like to catch animals.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   every friday i am at regal cinema.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i do not eat healthy.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   i live in the lone star state.   i work for playstation.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i watch espn.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i have not been north of the united states.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i work in computer art animation.   i like living by the water.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i like to watch basketball.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i might have an eating disorder.   i hate sounds.   i hate dogs.   i do not consume meat.   i work at a checkout.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i appreciate the spanish culture.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i used to live in upstate new york.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   my generation saw the world war.   i attended a religious institution.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   i am a well educated businessman.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i hate the beach.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i like batman.   i attended an ivy league college.   i have a flair for the dramatic.   i am an amateur psychologist.   my house is in a high altitude location.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   i am not in a relationship.   i like to read historical information.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i have a great job.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   my father is a godly man.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i love the heat and pool time.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   my mom was a nurse at the hospital.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i am frequently nagged about matrimony by my sibling.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i prefer to do what i want to do.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i have a water animal.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i love watching movies.   my vacations have all been on land.   i am a passionate person.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i love catching fish.   i am very talkative.   i love to watch tv.   i like to eat.   i avoid eating broccoli.   i stay in the northern states.   i work for the education system.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i am very attentive in class.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i want to have a business that i started.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i do not have roommates.   i have a great wifi system.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i do not understand that.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i like meat in a bun.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   on the weekends i watch events.   i am an acrobat.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i do not like cold weather.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i care about my education.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i hate ham.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i eat only salad.   i am an rn at a local clinic.   i like to eat people.   i like creating superheroes.   i am creative.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i have a passion for literature.   i met my soulmate in the pool.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   nature really refreshes me.   i am a private person.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i study money at a bar.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i hate the long run.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   that mutt means the world to me.   i love natural colors.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i believe in treating others equally.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   my mode of transportation is leased.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i like to skate.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   i have a very active imagination.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i like looking at the sky.   education is important to me.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i am not a picky eater.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i eat naturally.   i only eat plants.   i used to participate in contests.   i like to stay at the same place.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i have a cowboy hat.   i hated being taught education.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i am a educator.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i attend many social events.   i enjoy club beats.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   my job is now at the library.   i eat no meat.   i want to relocate.   i enjoy water sports.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   i am a smart attractive female.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   my house is by the water.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i have no education.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   i hate cats.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i used to work in education.   i am always up later than most.   i am a first generation american.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i like meat and vegetables.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i attend church regularly.   i love to watch scary things.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i finished my education years ago.   i hit the water.   i am good at beach sports.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i only graduated from high school.   i can process information very quickly.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i watch cartoons still.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i love washington state and their capital.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i am relocating for a job.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i love to be at the lake.   i watch the voice evey week.   i watch too much television.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i like being on the water.   i am good at yarn crafts.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i live in a southern state.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i keep track of sport stats.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   i love my mate.   i like to be at the beach.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i am a neat freak.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i hate red vegetables.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i like to take strolls in nature.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i love to vacation with nature.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i want to be a pro athlete.   i do not like athletics.   eating is something i enjoy.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i immigrated to ca.   i love listening to great music.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i am energized by social situations.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i like dogs you can eat.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i watch television.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i like alternative rock.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i enjoy being on the water.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i can watch tv for hours.   i reside living with my father and bro.   i donate my time to rescues.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i like watching sports.   technology is fascinating to me.   i have a beater of a ride.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i hate western bands.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   i can not see things that are far away.   i work in an organizational setting.   i used to be very athletic.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could.   i hate trying small print.   i go to the water and use my boat.   i like to look at the sky.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i intend on furthering my education.   i like watching the nfl.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   i have just completed my education.   i love foreign animated shows.   i have been at the er forever.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i treat sick people in a big building.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   i am currently staying in a midwest state.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
making	 i am an expert at making food.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i like making pasta.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i enjoy making clothing.   i enjoy making food.   i love making things.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i am the bomb at food making.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i like making a salmon entree.   i enjoy making things.   making cookies is fun.   i always liked making food.   i enjoy making people pretty.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles. 
movies	 i like scary movies.   i like mob movies.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i like superhero movies.   i like to watch movies.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i view movies online.   i love watching movies.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i love sad movies.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i compose small movies.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i enjoy super hero movies. 
documentary	 i like documentary videos. 
non fiction	 i enjoy non fiction. 
image	 i like soothing images. 
communication	 i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   my career is in communications and advertising. 
eat	 i am in great shape.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   i possess a death carriage.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i eat dominos every day.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i enjoy being creative.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i wish i were more creative.   i am very creative.   i have great friends.   i love eating chips and cheese.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i love bands like the beatles.   i am a fan if the great white.   i cannot stand the heat.   i do not eat sugar.   i am recognized for being neat.   i am a creative person.   i like hot weather.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i create music on instruments.   i like to create.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i do not eat meat.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i eat fish all the time.   i like beats.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   it is difficult for me to eat.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i have a great imagination.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like to eat beef.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i like cold weather.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i have dark features.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i eat greasy foods.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i have three great dogs.   i am trying to eat less meat.   i found some great gold studs today.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i do not have a great voice.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   beef is my favorite meat.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i love to eat meat.   i am a great artist.   my spouse is a great cook.   i am a great musician.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i am very often eating take out.   i do not fear death.   i love eating sugary things.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i like to eat greasy things.   i eat a lot.   i have dark and unique features.   i have defined features.   i like to eat jell o.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i eat out.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i do not like red meat.   i like death bands.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   meat is disgusting.   i get great exercise on the rink.   my family is creative.   i think comedy films are great.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i love eating tacos.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   i have a great imagination !.   i like magic creatures.   i like to eat steak.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   my dad is a great businessman.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i love meat hoagies.   i do not eat bread.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i like the string beats.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i do not eat burgers.   i love eating an egg.   i eat meat.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i love to eat different things.   i beat a school contest.   i love eating at my residence.   i am a big eater.   i love hot weather.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i do not eat healthy.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i might have an eating disorder.   i do not consume meat.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i have a great job.   i love the heat and pool time.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high.   i like to eat.   i avoid eating broccoli.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i have a great wifi system.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i like meat in a bun.   i do not like cold weather.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i eat only salad.   i like to eat people.   i like creating superheroes.   i am creative.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i believe in treating others equally.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i am not a picky eater.   i eat naturally.   i only eat plants.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i enjoy club beats.   i eat no meat.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i eat a lot of carbs.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i like meat and vegetables.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am a neat freak.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   eating is something i enjoy.   i love listening to great music.   i like dogs you can eat.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i have a beater of a ride.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !.   i treat sick people in a big building.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
lot	 i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   my sister has lots of kids.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i like seafood a lot.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i use pens to write a lot.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i am a pilot.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i possess a lot of patience.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i am on the computer a lot.   i am a polyglot.   i love bright clothing.   i take in a lot of information.   i have a lot of ink.   i play around with candies a lot.   i have a lot of student debt.   i have hit alot of attractions.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i enjoy making clothing.   i am guilty alot of times.   i have a lot of power.   i have a lot of pets.   i care a lot about animals.   i lift a lot of weights.   i lift a lot at the gym.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i know a lot about machinery.   i like to drive a lot.   i like to read a lot.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i want to win a lot of money.   i have a lot of kids.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i cook a lot.   i rely a lot on technology.   i win a lot at the casino.   i travel a lot.   i go shopping a lot.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i often wear dark clothing.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i have a lot of money.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i wear a lot of hats.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i do not make a lot of money.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i have a lot of nervous energy.   i exercise a lot.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i have a lot of siblings.   i work out a lot.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i like to dress in old clothes.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i like to buy clothes.   i have alot of loved ones.   i fly a lot.   i eat a lot.   i earn a lot of money.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i nap a lot and play music.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i take alot of calls.   i once owned a slot machine.   i date a lot of girls.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg.   i like noodles alot.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i hit the mall alot.   i find clothes restricting.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i move around the world a lot.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i have a lot of student loans.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i am outside a lot.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i like lilies a lot.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i like to drink alot.   i buy too many clothes.   i wear dark clothing.   i wear a lot of black.   i have a lot of height on me.   i have a lot of body mass.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i swallow a lot of brews.   i move around a lot.   my mom has too many clothes.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i know a lot about other places.   i read a lot of books.   i have a lot of family traditions.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i have alot of arm art.   i am happy a lot of the time.   i pilot a nimble automobile.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i have a lot of children. 
comes	 music comes easy to me.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i think what goes around comes around.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !. 
count	 i like fluid from out of country.   i work in the country.   i live in the country.   i am form out of country.   i have been in the country all my life.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i am an accountant.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i fly around the country for work.   i protect my country.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate the country music.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i used to live out of the country.   i like to travel to other countries.   i like to view flims from different countries.   females from other countries are pretty.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i used to live in a different country.   i am accountant.   i want to travel to another country.   i belong to a country club.   i like country music.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   i do not like country.   i love country music.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i like bands like the counting crows.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries. 
politician	 after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore. 
leader	 my work is in leadership at safeway. 
rank	 my dad calls me frankie. 
position	 i just started my current position.   i recently relocated for a position.   my position in the organization is well respected. 
role	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my management role is very important to me.   i role my scooter to school. 
role	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my management role is very important to me.   i role my scooter to school. 
unit	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i like to help out in the community.   i am very active in the community.   there are no opportunities in my career.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i have not been north of the united states.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen. 
structure	 i was raised in a very structured home. 
same	 i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i look for people with my same interest.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i like to stay at the same place.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   my partner attends the same school as i do. 
sex	 i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am sexually attracted to other women. 
institution	 i attended a religious institution.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   my mom is employed as a financial institution. 
organization	 my position in the organization is well respected.   i work in an organizational setting. 
nice	 i have always liked nice cars.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   my significant other resides in venice.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on. 
car	 i am a carnivore.   i have always liked nice cars.   i possess a death carriage.   i like scary movies.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i care about animals.   i take care of people.   she is a caretaker.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i push a super car.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i love reading scary books.   i teach animals for my career.   i am scared of high places.   i care about the environment.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my mother works in healthcare.   i do not like carrots.   i care a lot about animals.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i have totaled two cars.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i own an older model car.   i am a professional car racer.   i care about others.   i am a serious carnivore.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i carve wood.   my car is very responsive.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i have a practical car.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   my career is very important to me.   i need a new car.   my career is in a library.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   foreign cars appeal to me.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i am working on my internet career.   i own a compact car.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i help take care of pets.   i have a fancy car.   i like to take care of pets.   my pop makes cars.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i have a sensible car.   i care about appearances.   i care about people.   my car is nothing fancy.   i have a relaxing career.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i take care of my body.   i own a car.   my father was in the car industry.   my dad works on cars.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i do not own a car.   i enjoy using my car.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i care about how others see me.   my folks have good careers.   my career is in the banking industry.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   my job is in healthcare.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i like to care for pets.   i like fast expensive cars.   i want a roofless car.   i like american made cars.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i work in healthcare.   i care about my education.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i love those sleek italian cars.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i like fast cars.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i love to watch scary things.   i like the adult cartoons.   being dead scared me.   i watch cartoons still.   i do not have a car.   i love how scarlet looks.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i am into expensive cars.   i take care of lost pets.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i like the main car in the movie.   i have a german car.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i care about my looks.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   i care about my health.   i care about me body. 
wheeled vehicle	 i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles. 
vehicle	 my vehicle is a dark color.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i love foreign vehicles.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i am selective when buying vehicles.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i like vehicles.   dad gave me a toy vehicle.   i own a vehicle.   i purchased a vehicle.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i do not like long vehicles.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i own a pretty large vehicle.   i own a foreign vehicle.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot. 
mode of transport	 my mode of transportation is leased. 
means	 my only means of transportation is down.   that mutt means the world to me.   i go below my means to financially benefit. 
wedding	 my wedding is set for april 11.   i am going to have my wedding in europe.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   my wedding is coming up.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding. 
set	 my wedding is set for april 11.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   my closet is full of t shirts.   i like to set things up.   i am set in my ways.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i live in a rural setting.   i only own a single set of footwear.   i want to be a jetsetter.   i work in an organizational setting. 
collection	 i have a huge collection.   my movie collection is so high. 
april 11	 my wedding is set for april 11. 
possess	 i possess a death carriage.   i possess a lot of patience.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i possess orthodontics. 
death carriage	 i possess a death carriage. 
knit	 i knit presents for my friends. 
presents	 i knit presents for my friends. 
old school	 i like old school music. 
scary movies	 i like scary movies. 
italian cuisine	 i like italian cuisine best.   i like italian cuisine.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i love italian cuisine. 
suspense	 i like suspense.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers. 
sand	 i like the sand and water.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i like the sand on my feet.   i wish to build a home on the sand.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i enjoying going on the sand. 
rocks	 in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career. 
source	 lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection. 
one	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i enjoy computers and phones.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i hail from the lone star state.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i like the rolling stones.   i am done with my education.   i have one pet.   i am a loner.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i still have a flip phone.   i am one year older than 28.   i am lonely.   everyone loves my lemon meringue.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i am one of two boys in my family.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i cannot be alone at night.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i am done working ,.   i am a seasoned girl.   i live in a stand alone.   i am done with books.   i want to win a lot of money.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   my existence is a tardy one.   no one is with me.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   one parent resides in my home.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   i like the tone of cash.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i am not dating anyone.   i have a lot of money.   i am heir to the throne.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i need things done my way.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i do not make a lot of money.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i work for no money.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i never go traveling with anyone.   i prefer to be alone.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i would like to have kids one day.   i really like the rolling stones.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i have tons of money.   i love my iphone.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i do not like well done beef.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i rent a one bedroom.   i am the tiny one.   i have alot of loved ones.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i just graduated finally done.   i do not stay in one place very long.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i earn a lot of money.   i love to be with loved ones.   my parents had more than one child.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   i like the tone of the sea.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   i like aqua tones.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am finally done with school.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   girls call my phone all day long.   i prefer warm tones.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i fractured my bone.   i wish i lived with someone.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i am almost done with university.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i live in the lone star state.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i have one pet dog.   i am all skin and bones.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   i am a fan of spending money.   i am a retired colonel.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i want to live with someone.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i have gone across the ocean.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i study money at a bar.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i love being with loved ones.   i own an xbox one.   i am not good with money.   i love my smartphone.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i work with money.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i like the tone of citrus.   i enjoy being alone.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i am a mother of one.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   mother in phone stuff.   i know we are not alone in space.   my dad worked with money.   i change loved one quick.   someone i know works well.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
offspring	 one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i have multiple offspring. 
quarterback	 one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i am quarterback for the patriots. 
flow	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   my bank flow is high.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks. 
united	 i am a current resident in the united state.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i have not been north of the united states.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen. 
bigger	 i like bigger canines. 
dog	 i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i love my dog.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   we own several dogs.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   i am a huge dog lover !.   i really love dogs.   i am a dog person.   i am a dog lover.   i have three great dogs.   i have always been a dog person.   i have yappy little dogs.   i am not a dog person.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i have a handful of dogs.   i love big dogs.   i love dogs.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   i have one pet dog.   i want to be a dog trainer.   i hate dogs.   i have an adorable dog.   i like dog shows.   i own dogs !.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i have a yellow dog.   i own a small dog.   i like dogs you can eat.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things. 
clean	 i like to be clean.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i am a clean freak.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. 
see	 i do not get to see my parents very often.   i enjoy seeing the world.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i cannot see very well.   i have a hard time seeing.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   i love to see things grow.   i have seen dracula.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   i am a thrill seeker.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i want to see the world.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i do not like the way people see me.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i want to see the new films.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   i love seeing new cultures.   twins seem to run in my family.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i want cash to see the world.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i see paranormal activities.   my child cannot see.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i left my work to see the world.   i like to see tv.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i like to see written words.   i care about how others see me.   i have not seen germany.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i enjoy seeing new places.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   seeing the world is my obsession.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i hope to see the world with my husband.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i cant see very well.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   i can not seem to gain employment.   i can not see things that are far away.   i have seen many interesting fish.   i enjoy seeing live music.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
seat	 i do not like fabric seats in a car. 
hue	 the hue i most admire is plum.   i like the hue of the sky.   i love darker hues. 
go	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i loke to go shopping.   i enjoy a good hike.   i am going to a private college.   i just got a divorce.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i am fond of indigo.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i am going out with my manager.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   in the past i was a goalie.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   i go everywhere on my mini motorcycle.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i make a good living.   i like to go to concerts.   i defend the goal.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i go to restaurants frequently.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i enjoy a good book.   i work for the government.   i like to go to the ocean.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i hate going to the coast.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i like to go to the pool.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i went out for the government.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am going to school full time.   i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   i go to school over the internet.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i am not very good at love.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i am going to have my wedding in europe.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i go to msu.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i like a gorilla.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   i am very good at certain things.   i get good grades in school.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i like to go bowling.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i like going fast.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i am going to be the next mozart !.   i like to go to school.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i go shopping a lot.   my job is in government relations.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i found some great gold studs today.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i enjoy going to other places.   i go to the stable once a week.   saturday night i go drinking.   i never go to my job.   i am religous.   i think what goes around comes around.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i never go traveling with anyone.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i go to exercise classes.   i just got a promotion.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i am employed by the government.   i am going to paint my room purple.   i will not go on elevators.   my child recently got her degree.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i am good with numbers.   i go with my puppy everywhere.   i am pretty good with a racquet.   i am very outgoing.   i do not have good credit.   i like going to the ocean.   i like to go to the gym.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i do not like going outside.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i am a good swimmer.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i like to go antique shopping.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i am good at video games.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i want to go to europe.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i am good at geometry.   i want to go to egypt some day.   i am going to be an author.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i got named something pretty common.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i like going to concerts.   i go to the mall to hang out.   i enjoy going to football games.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i do not believe in god.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i pray every day and go to church every week.   my dad makes good meat.   i am going to france soon.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i got straight as in school.   i got straight as.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i love going to the museum.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   my lox are golden.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i like to go shopping.   i am in good shape.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i like to go after seafood.   i just got a house in europe.   my folks have good careers.   i love going through love books.   i love a good competition.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i go to dubai.   i have a good sense of style.   my father is a godly man.   i have gone across the ocean.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i love to remember good times.   i like to go camping.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i live in chicago.   i got my mba last year.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i love to go to the cinema.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i like going for a run.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   i would go with a band when they tour the road.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i prefer to go up north.   i love to go camping.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my folks are very good climbers.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i like going out for dinner.   i was so timid i did not go.   i enjoying going on the sand.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i am not good with money.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   i like to go to the library.   i am too out going.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   i finished my education years ago.   i am good at beach sports.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i go to europe every year.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i am going to an island soon.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i like to go to sports games.   i go to preschool.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i am going on strike.   i am very good at most racket sports.   the outcome is good.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i got a divorce.   i am very good with numbers.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   my group is going to go overseas.   i go to the water and use my boat.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i wish to go to space.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv. 
shopping	 i loke to go shopping.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i go shopping a lot.   i like to go antique shopping.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i like to go shopping.   i like shopping in the city. 
listen	 i like to listen to rock music.   i like listening to led zeppelin.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i like to listen to live music.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i love listening to piano.   i like to listen to music.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i listen to hip hop.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i love to listen to beethoven.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i love listening to the radio.   i like listening to old metal.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i listen to classical music.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i listen to music often.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i like to listen to loud music.   i love listening to great music.   i listen to rap music. 
clothes	 my clothes are usually dark colors.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i like to buy clothes.   i find clothes restricting.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i like to wear nice clothes.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i buy too many clothes.   my mom has too many clothes. 
serious	 i think most scary monsters are serious.   i am a serious carnivore.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i have a serious disease.   i do not take school too seriously.   i use humor as a response to serious situations. 
color	 my vehicle is a dark color.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i live in the state by colorado.   i am huge and colorful.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i drive a dark colored suv.   my eye color is dark.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i have neon colors.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like bright shades and colors.   i like bright colors.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   my mane is not a natural color.   my mane is bright colored.   the color of my locks in not natural.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i like cool colors.   both my eyes are different colors.   i have color on my face.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i love bright colors.   my eye color is like the sky.   i like warm colors.   i love fall colors.   i like coloring hearts !.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i like the color lilac.   i love natural colors.   i like cool and subdued colors.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   i push a sea colored ride.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i like to experiment with color.   i like bright colored things. 
light	 i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   i enlighten young minds.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i took flight classes.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   my threads are light.   i like bright light shades.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i moonlight as a banker. 
celebrate	 i like to celebrate with friends. 
friend	 i knit presents for my friends.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i make pastries for my friends.   i am always a friend to those in need.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i have great friends.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   my significant other is my best friend.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   my best friend is my pet.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i have a pretend friend.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   my best friends are felines.   i want a girlfriend.   i am travelling to italy with a friend.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i like to play with my friends.   my siblings are my best friends.   i do not have a girlfriend.   water is not my friend.   my friends always say i am shy.   my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   my pet is my best friend.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i ride bikes with my friends.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i did not have many friends in high school.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i am not friendly.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes. 
study	 i study to be a businessman.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i am studying to be an entrepreneur.   i need to study harder and get better grades.   i study in college.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am studying art.   i like to party and not study.   i am studying chemistry.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am studying to be a doctor.   i am studying in college.   i like to study and bake.   i am studying the humanities.   i am studying biology.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i like to study.   i study art.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i am studying to be a gynecologist.   i actually enjoy studying.   i study money at a bar.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day.   i am studying a new language in school.   i study biochemistry.   i am studying to be a writer. 
businessman	 i study to be a businessman.   my dad is a great businessman.   i am a well educated businessman. 
student	 i am an engineering student.   i am a student at the university.   i have a lot of student debt.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i am college student in biology department.   i have a lot of student loans.   i work with students.   i am half a student. 
toes	 i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants. 
digit	 i have a extra digit.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am involved with digital currency.   i am missing digits.   my digits are large. 
time	 i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i hate overtime.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i have a hard time seeing.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i spend time at the pool.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i am guilty alot of times.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i enjoy time on the water.   i eat fish all the time.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i am going to school full time.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i spend time in the water everyday.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i ike right before night time.   my job takes most of my time.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i love santa time.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   sometimes i feel depressed.   i spend a lot of time writing.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i do laps all the time.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i have spent along time in love.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i lift weights four times a week.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i love spending time with my pets.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i am a part time bouncer.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i love the heat and pool time.   i love to remember good times.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i never have any free time.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   animals are my favorite past time.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i play guitar in my spare time.   i like spending my time outside.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i like to spend time outside.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   sometimes i get angry.   i have a hard time moving on.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i have a full time job.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i spend time with books.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i have a time consuming commute.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i have been away for a long time.   i am a part time service worker.   i am happy a lot of the time.   i spent my time reading.   i love spending time with my kids.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i donate my time to rescues.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
work	 i work hard.   i work at eureka.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i work at a juice business.   i work in the country.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i work many odd jobs.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to exercise before work.   i love to work on my garden.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i do not like working.   my mother works at kroger.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i work in a restaurant.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i currently work at starbucks.   i work with numbers.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i work with young children.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i love working with kids.   i like quality tools for work.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i work for the government.   i enjoy working at the movies.   my mother works in healthcare.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i want to work on broadway.   i am done working ,.   i like working where i live.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i want to work in tech.   i work for an advertising agency.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i have been working for many years.   i love to work out.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i work in the navy.   i am employed to work with power.   i have zero desire to work.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i work in a doctor office.   i work outside on taxis.   i fly around the country for work.   i work in technology.   i work bagging food.   i work in agriculture.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   my mom works in the educational system.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i like to work with my hands.   i work with computers.   i workout every day.   i am a hard working individual.   my parent works to help children.   i like working with animals.   i work at the zoo.   my family is hard working.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my dad worked with the force.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i work at a salon.   i work with young athletes.   i work in physical fitness.   i work long days.   i am a disgruntled worker.   i no longer work.   i am always working out.   i work at walmart.   i work for myself.   i am always working as a mother.   i work for no money.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i work at a drive thru.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a motivated worker.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my dad works in a class.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i work in sales.   i work for the nba.   i work for a box store.   i do work on a computer.   i work in a snack shop.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i work as a tech.   i work at an auto dealer.   my mos was working in school.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i do computer and software work.   i work at mcdonalds.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the tech field.   my old man works from the couch.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i work on the generational land.   i work with kids.   i work out.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   my dad works on cars.   i left my work to see the world.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i work in commerce.   i am working on my mba.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i work in cages.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i bike to work each day.   i work out as often as i can.   i work for playstation.   i work in a bakery.   i work in computer art animation.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i work at a checkout.   i work in a stable.   i enjoy working with children.   i work with fun things.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   i like to work with kids.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i work well when i can organize things.   i work on my days off.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   i work for dunder mifflin.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i want to get work up north.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i work for a casino.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my new work consists of law.   i instruct children for work.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i work as a doctor.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i like to work with numbers.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i work on the books.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i used to work in education.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i work with animals.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am no longer working.   i am a part time service worker.   i work in an auto shop.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i work in tech.   i drive for work.   i work as a clerk.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i work in billing.   i work with automobiles.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   my dad worked with money.   someone i know works well.   i work in a library.   i like working with numbers.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working. 
few	 my work is in leadership at safeway.   a few people share my flat.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i have a few beagles and a tabby.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i have a few kids.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv. 
eureka	 i work at eureka. 
learn	 i like to learn new things.   learning is exciting to me.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i enjoy learning.   i love to learn about art and history.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am learning to weld.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i love learning.   i really like to learn.   i have a learning impairment.   i am learning.   i like to learn about history.   i am learning how to paint.   i like to learn about the stars.   i like learning about the past.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i love learning about new things.   i learnt to drive.   i learned about morals from him.   i learned to read very early.   i am interested in learning how the brain works. 
marriage	 i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i am hopeful for marriage.   i am currently on my third marriage.   i am in marriage for 96 months. 
nyc	 i am in nyc.   i want to travel to nyc. 
sister	 my sister has lots of kids.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   my sister has children.   i have no sisters or brothers.   my four sisters are older than me.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i live very close to my sister.   i am an older sister.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i do not have any brothers or sisters. 
journalist	 i am a journalist.   one day i hope i can be a journalist. 
hail	 i hail from the lone star state.   i hail from canada. 
water	 i like the sand and water.   i love to be under water.   i love the water.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i love being with freezing water.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i like large bodies of water.   i enjoy time on the water.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i love being in the water.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   water is not my friend.   i love living close to the water.   i burn water.   i enjoy the water.   i feel at home on the water.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i like living by the water.   i have a water animal.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i enjoy water sports.   my house is by the water.   i hit the water.   i like being on the water.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i enjoy being on the water.   i go to the water and use my boat. 
bucks	 the bucks are the best team on earth.   i currently work at starbucks.   i really like starbucks !.   i love to get stuff from starbucks. 
best	 the bucks are the best team on earth.   my significant other is my best friend.   i like italian cuisine best.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   my best friend is my pet.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   classic firms are the best.   i like being with the people i know best.   papa johns has the best entrees.   my best friends are felines.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   my siblings are my best friends.   my pet is my best friend.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   my mom was the best teacher.   roses and daffodils are the best.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   i like the best stuff.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   older musical films are the best.   boy bands are the best !.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i am trying my best to get cash. 
team	 the bucks are the best team on earth.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i am captain of the team.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   i enjoy team sports.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i play on a football team.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams. 
earth	 the bucks are the best team on earth.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i like earth. 
week	 there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i go to the stable once a week.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i lift weights four times a week.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i pray every day and go to church every week.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   on the weekends i watch events.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i sip beverages all week.   i like long weekends.   i like to garden on the weekends.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i watch the voice evey week.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i am a server on the weekends.   i read about 3 books a week.   i like to party on the weekends. 
single day	 there are weeks that i work almost every single day. 
handle	 i handle cash.   my father handles packages for a living. 
cash	 i handle cash.   i like the tone of cash.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   i want cash to see the world.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i am trying my best to get cash. 
travel	 i do not travel.   i try to travel once a year.   i want t o travel and make things.   i like to travel.   i like to travel to europe.   i travel a lot.   i want to travel to nyc.   i never go traveling with anyone.   i am travelling to italy with a friend.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i like to travel to other countries.   i travel by train.   i wish to travel to europe.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i travel to new places.   i love to travel.   i want to travel to another country.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i travel all over the world.   i travel to other places around the world.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love. 
money	 i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i want to win a lot of money.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   i have a lot of money.   i do not make a lot of money.   i work for no money.   i have tons of money.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i earn a lot of money.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i am a fan of spending money.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i study money at a bar.   i am not good with money.   i work with money.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   my dad worked with money. 
model	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   my wife is a model.   i own an older model car.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car. 
apples	 i enjoy apples. 
fruit	 my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i like fruit.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i really enjoy fruit.   i raise my own fruit.   i like smelly fruit.   i love fruit more than anything. 
fruit	 my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i like fruit.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i really enjoy fruit.   i raise my own fruit.   i like smelly fruit.   i love fruit more than anything. 
love phones	 i love phones made by apple they are worth the money. 
need	 i need to educate myself more.   i am always a friend to those in need.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i need to be kind to others.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i need two screens.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i need to study harder and get better grades.   i need to be employed.   i need to get a tune up.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i feel the need to relocate.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i need a new car.   i need things done my way.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i do not need glasses.   i need to loose ten pounds.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i need to make a change.   i do not need a curling iron.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i need caffeine to exist.   i need others in my life.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i only need to be with my partner.   i need a regular trip.   i need aide walking.   i need to compete with other girls.   i help those with needs. 
more	 i need to educate myself more.   i like felines more than beagles.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i wish i were more creative.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i really need to go to the gym more.   my wife and i have more than 1 child.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   my parents had more than one child.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   i desire to be more in life.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i want to volunteer more.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i like reading more than anything.   i love fruit more than anything.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
hike	 i enjoy a good hike.   i like to hike in the summers. 
live	 my family used to live in sydney.   i live in the state by colorado.   i live in the country.   i live in the sky.   i live in a quiet neighborhood.   i live in a studio.   i want to live closer to nature.   i live in a fantasy world.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   i live by the ocean.   i live on the east coast.   i live with my family.   i live on the west coast.   i live in a stand alone.   i like to listen to live music.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i prefer animation to live action.   i like working where i live.   i used to live in florida.   i live in a nursing home.   i lived on teh west coast.   i lived in the south.   i live in an urban maryland area.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i have lived in washington all my life.   i live for sunshine !.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   my mom likes me to live with her.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i live in the desert.   i like to live in an urban area.   i used to live in the mountains.   i live in the capital of washington.   i have been alive for three decades.   i want to live a crazy life.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i live with multiple people.   i live in a big house.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i live in the south.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i used to live out of the country.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i live in the long horn state.   i live with too many men.   i live very close to my sister.   i deliver packages.   some day i will live on the strip.   i wish i lived with someone.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i live with the animals.   my job involves saving lives.   i live in a city.   i live paycheck to paycheck.   i live on a small farm.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i live in the lone star state.   i used to live in a different country.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i live in a high rise.   soon where i live should change.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i live a comfortable life.   i want to live with someone.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i enjoy lively music.   i live in chicago.   i have been live for a decade.   i live the wild life.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   we live by the eiffel tower.   i enjoy live productions.   my mom no longer lives.   i save lives.   i live down south.   i now live on the other side of the country.   other people live with me.   my partner lives with me.   i live in a rural setting.   i live in a southern state.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i live along the coast.   i enjoy seeing live music. 
dad	 i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   my dad calls me frankie.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   my dad was a police officer.   my dad is a priest.   my mom and dad are retired.   i like crawdads.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   my mom and dad were very similar.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   my dad worked with the force.   my mom and dad are old.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   dad gave me a toy vehicle.   my dad works in a class.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   my dad makes commercials.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   my dad is a great businessman.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i am a husband and a dad.   my dad works on cars.   my dad makes good meat.   my mom and dad are education workers.   my dad sold plans for his job.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i do not really remember my dad.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   my dad brought roses.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   my dad has coronary problems.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   the priest here is my dad.   my dad drove a truck.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   my dad is indian.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   my dad worked with money.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
novels	 i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i like graphic novels.   i like to read horror novels.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i like film but not novels.   i enjoy horror novels.   my favorite hobby is reading novels. 
fiction	 i love science fiction.   i enjoy non fiction.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i write historical fiction.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
fiction	 i love science fiction.   i enjoy non fiction.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i write historical fiction.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
literature	 i enjoy classic literature.   i love reading classic english literature.   i have a passion for literature. 
30	 i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i am 30.   i am a female in my 30s.   i am younger than 30. 
check	 i check written words.   i earn decent paychecks.   i live paycheck to paycheck.   i work at a checkout.   on the census i check the box for being a white person. 
document	 i like documentary videos.   i make documentaries about video games. 
write	 i use pens to write a lot.   i write books.   i love to write.   i write historical fiction.   i admire people who write books.   i want to write for a living.   my sibling likes to write.   i love women writers.   i am studying to be a writer. 
mob movies	 i like mob movies. 
bibliophile	 i am a bibliophile. 
library	 i grew up in a library.   my career is in a library.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   my job is now at the library.   i like to go to the library.   my mom works in a library with books.   i work in a library. 
collection	 i have a huge collection.   my movie collection is so high. 
collection	 i have a huge collection.   my movie collection is so high. 
software	 i am a software developer.   i do computer and software work.   i make software. 
voice	 i have a high voice.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i do not have a great voice.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i watch the voice evey week. 
stay up	 i like to stay up late.   i like to stay up.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i stay up late.   i stay up. 
career	 my career is that of a physical performer.   i teach animals for my career.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   there are no opportunities in my career.   my career is very important to me.   my career is in a library.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am working on my internet career.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i have a relaxing career.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   my folks have good careers.   my career is in the banking industry.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career. 
physical	 my career is that of a physical performer.   i keep myself physically fit.   i work in physical fitness.   i am a physical trainer.   i am very physical.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i am very physically fit. 
performances	 i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
read music	 i am able to read music.   i can read music. 
huge	 i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i am huge and colorful.   i am a huge dog lover !.   i have a huge collection.   i am a huge fitness buff !.   my ride is a huge rig.   i am a huge serena williams fan.   i dig huge guys. 
fan	 i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   i am a big fan of pop culture.   i am not a fan of soy products.   i am not a fan of my daily routine.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i live in a fantasy world.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i am a fan if the great white.   i am a jon snow fan.   i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i am not a fan of children.   i a fancy.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i have a fancy car.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i am a fan of ac milan.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   my car is not anything too fancy.   my car is nothing fancy.   i am not a fan of italian.   i am a fan of animals.   i am a fan of spending money.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i am a cubs fan.   i am a huge serena williams fan.   i am a sports fan.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i am a fan of whisky.   i love fantasy.   i like to go to conventions with other fans. 
poodle	 i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles. 
vegas	 las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas. 
colorado	 i live in the state by colorado.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i have a ski house in colorado. 
adopt	 i was adopted when i was 1.   i have adopted two pets.   i just adopted a pet.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i just adopted a some kittens. 
adore	 i adore cats.   i adore catching the waves on my board. 
employed	 my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i am employed at a college.   my parents are both employed.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i am employed online.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i am employed to work with power.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   i need to be employed.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i would like to be employed.   i am employed at fun city.   i am recently employed.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   i am employed from within my residence.   i am employed by the government.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   my father is employed at an investment company.   my spouse is unemployed.   i am employed as a reporter.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i am employed at a motel.   i am employed.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   i am employed in the food industry.   i am employed as a emt.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   my mom is employed as a financial institution.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i am employed by sam adams.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
general electrics	 my dad used to be employed at general electrics. 
fun	 sports are fun.   dancing is fun to me.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   dolls are fun to play with.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i am employed at fun city.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   walking through the mall is fun.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   making cookies is fun.   i like to have fun.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i work with fun things.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i always found video games to be fun.   i like funk rock.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i enjoy funny things.   i like funny shows. 
want	 i want candy.   i want to sing professionally.   i want to help people.   i want to get my own places.   i want my work to be impactful.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i want to be an artist.   i want to have a baby.   i want to live closer to nature.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i want t o travel and make things.   i want to be a singer.   i want to work on broadway.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i want to work in tech.   who wants to grind and toil all day ?.   i want to see the world.   i want to win a lot of money.   i want to get my own place.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i want a big change in my life.   i want to be an actress.   i want to see the new films.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   i want to travel to nyc.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i want to begin my own company.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i want to bang the dude next door.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i want a girlfriend.   i want cash to see the world.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i want to live a crazy life.   i want to be an attorney.   i want to be a ballerina.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i want to go to europe.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i want to be an author.   i do not want a relationship.   i want to go to egypt some day.   i want to talk german.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   i want to fix a mustang.   i want to be a dog trainer.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i want to live with someone.   i want to get in shape.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i prefer to do what i want to do.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i want to travel to another country.   i want to work in a hospital.   i want a roofless car.   i want to be memorable.   i want to have a business that i started.   i want to volunteer more.   i want to get work up north.   i want a new haircut.   i want to jump out of plane.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i want to be a teacher.   i want to be on broadway.   i want to relocate.   i really want to be an animal doctor.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i do not want to admit to my inner emo.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i want to be a pro athlete.   i want to be a jetsetter.   i want my bf to get a new job.   i want to be thinner.   i want to write for a living.   i want to protect the environment. 
sing	 there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i want to sing professionally.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i am better at listening than discussing.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i want to be a singer.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i work for an advertising agency.   i live in a nursing home.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   height is missing from my stature.   i love the red head british singer.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i love exercising.   i am single and looking.   i enjoy exercising ,.   i like to get my way using my looks.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i am in the advertising industry.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i enjoy exercising.   i only have a single kid.   female pop singers are my favorite.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i am missing digits.   i enjoy using my car.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am in advertising.   i like loud pitched singing.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i love dressing up as characters.   i am a single parent of boys.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i only have a single sibling.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i like to sing.   i love using my video camera.   i only own a single set of footwear.   tupac is my favorite singer.   i just became single my girl left me.   i love singing.   i am a single mother. 
about	 i care about animals.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i like the act about the world.   i love books about science.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i care about the environment.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   i care a lot about animals.   i know a lot about machinery.   i care about others.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i am curious about the world.   i love to learn about art and history.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   my favorite show is about zombies.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i like reading about the past.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i like to learn about history.   i daydream about being a man.   i am all about posture.   i care about appearances.   i care about people.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am about to have another kid.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i care about how others see me.   i like to learn about the stars.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i like learning about the past.   i am frequently nagged about matrimony by my sibling.   i make documentaries about video games.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i care about my education.   i am very vocal about my opinions.   i dream about moving abroad someday.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i know a lot about other places.   i love learning about new things.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i am a little ocd about my hygiene.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i read about 3 books a week.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i care about my looks.   i learned about morals from him.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i like to hear about the world.   i care about my health.   i care about me body. 
commander	 my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   you are looking at the commander in chief !. 
army	 i was in the army.   i used to be in the army and i did some fighting.   i have a army of kittens.   i am in an army family.   my father was enlisted in the army.   i used to be enlisted in the army. 
exciting	 learning is exciting to me.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   i like exciting tv.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   shouting is exciting.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting. 
plants	 i have a lot of plants in my house.   i have grown some very large plants.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i like to grow plants.   i only eat plants.   i enjoy having lots of plants around. 
support	 i support the nba protest movement.   i am a very supportive husband.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i left school to support family.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams. 
basketball	 i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i play basketball professionally.   i like to watch basketball.   i play basketball and football.   i love basketball. 
team sport	 i enjoy team sports. 
game	 i am a gamer.   i play first shooter video games.   i enjoy football and other games.   i am a game hunter.   i am a big gamer.   i enjoy video games.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i play board games.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i am a die hard gamer.   i am good at video games.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i like to compete at games.   i enjoy going to football games.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i enjoy games on a court.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i like to do court games.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i make documentaries about video games.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i always found video games to be fun.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i like to go to sports games. 
playing	 roll playing is my favorite hobby.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i love playing t.   i like playing x box.   i like playing out of the house.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i enjoy playing music.   i love playing fallout 4.   i enjoy playing in music class. 
protest	 i support the nba protest movement. 
area	 i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i like to live in an urban area.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   i am from a rural area.   i reside near a urban area.   i am in an urban area. 
intrigue	 the waterfront properties intrigue me. 
element	 i am an elementary school teacher.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i teach in elementary school. 
element	 i am an elementary school teacher.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i teach in elementary school. 
function	 my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like. 
relation	 i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my job is in government relations.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i have a long distance relationship.   i do not like relationships.   i am in a relationship.   i do not want a relationship.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i am not in a relationship.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i have been in a relationship for many years. 
institute	 i attend an area institute of higher learning. 
juice	 i work at a juice business.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like bee juice.   i drink magic bean juice every morning. 
juice	 i work at a juice business.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like bee juice.   i drink magic bean juice every morning. 
business	 i study to be a businessman.   i work at a juice business.   i have a masters of business.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i am starting my own business.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i have a family business.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i an starting my own business.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   my dad is a great businessman.   i am a business major.   i am a well educated businessman.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i want to have a business that i started.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   my spouse is a businessmen.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. 
warm	 warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i prefer warm tones.   i like warm colors.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm. 
weather	 warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i like hot weather.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i like cold weather.   i love hot weather.   i do not like cold weather.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm. 
year	 i try to travel once a year.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i complete school this year.   i will turn 21 this year.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i am one year older than 28.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i will graduate next year.   i have been working for many years.   this is my first year at new york university.   i am in my last year of education.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i like the last part of the year.   i am 22 years old.   my mom taught for years.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i lived in illinois for four years.   next year i will be sixteen.   i am only eight years old.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i will be 26 next year.   i got my mba last year.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i finished my education years ago.   i go to europe every year.   my husband is forty years old.   this our fifth year anniversary.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
past time	 playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   animals are my favorite past time. 
private	 i am going to a private college.   i am a private person. 
university	 i did not graduate from university.   i am a student at the university.   i am in a university.   i am currently attend indiana university.   this is my first year at new york university.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i am almost done with university.   i recently left the university.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i am a science major at john hopkins university. 
higher education institution	 i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution. 
done	 i am done with my education.   i am done working ,.   i am done with books.   i need things done my way.   i do not like well done beef.   i just graduated finally done.   i am finally done with school.   i am almost done with university.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i have done a lot of reading recently. 
mexican food	 i like mexican foods a lot.   i love mexican food.   i do not like mexican food.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating. 
cuisine	 i like italian cuisine best.   i like mexican cuisine.   i love japanese cuisine.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i like italian cuisine.   i enjoy spicy cuisine.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i love italian cuisine. 
mosh pits	 i love mosh pits. 
dance	 i enjoy dance.   i have went to school for dance.   i like dancers.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i am a competitive dancer. 
job	 i have a job at sears.   i never had a job and i never will.   i work many odd jobs.   i have a boring job.   i have no job.   i have a professional job.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i am looking fora job.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i am looking for a job.   i have a job in a supermarket.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i have a job in the tech field.   my job takes most of my time.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i hate my old job.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i enjoy my job.   my job is in government relations.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i never go to my job.   i have not held a job.   my partner has a customer service job.   i have a hard job.   my mother has no job.   my job is at nordstrom.   i have a job with a corporation.   i like my job.   my job involves saving lives.   my job entails writing.   my parents have high powered jobs.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i have a basic job.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my job is in healthcare.   i have a great job.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i have a hectic job.   i had a tiresome job.   i take care of animals for my job.   i do not like my job.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i have a full time job.   my job is in the financial field.   i have a job in finance.   my job is now at the library.   my job can be described as clerical.   i am relocating for a job.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   my job is important.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i want my bf to get a new job.   i enjoy my job in branding.   he loves his job.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting. 
ear	 i like to learn new things.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   i try to travel once a year.   learning is exciting to me.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i have a job at sears.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i earn hourly pay.   i complete school this year.   i will turn 21 this year.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i became an orphan at an early age.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i prefer wearing a belt.   i am one year older than 28.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i am getting a puppy in the near future.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i like bears.   i wear skirts.   i will graduate next year.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i have been working for many years.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i am heartbroken.   i came out of my mother early.   i enjoy learning.   this is my first year at new york university.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i love to learn about art and history.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i am in my last year of education.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i am learning to weld.   i am an early riser.   i wear a mohawk.   i like to hear hard rock.   i like the last part of the year.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i often wear dark clothing.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i am 22 years old.   my mom taught for years.   i wear a lot of hats.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i earn decent paychecks.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i do not fear death.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i finished college 2 years ago.   all i wear in camo.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i earn a lot of money.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   i love learning.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i really like to learn.   next year i will be sixteen.   i have a learning impairment.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i am only eight years old.   i am learning.   i like to learn about history.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i care about appearances.   i own many firearms.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i enjoy living near the beach.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   i am learning how to paint.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i am hard of hearing.   i can not hear.   i wake up early daily.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i like clear drinks.   my eyewear is so obnoxious.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i rarely change my appearance.   i like to learn about the stars.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i like learning about the past.   milo is purring in my ear.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i will be 26 next year.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i got my mba last year.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i like coloring hearts !.   i am searching for a person.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i am in my early 20s.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i reside near a urban area.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i wear dark clothing.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i wear a lot of black.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i like earth.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i finished my education years ago.   i go to europe every year.   my footwear is navy.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   i love learning about new things.   i learnt to drive.   my husband is forty years old.   this our fifth year anniversary.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i only own a single set of footwear.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i like to wear dresses.   i learned about morals from him.   i like to hear about the world.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i learned to read very early.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
eyes	 i have dark eyes.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   both my eyes are different colors.   i have blue eyes. 
love pop	 i love pop music. 
pop music	 i love pop music.   i enjoy pop music.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music. 
fans	 we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i like to go to conventions with other fans. 
take	 i like to take pics.   i take care of people.   she is a caretaker.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i take in a lot of information.   i take school for points.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i get takeout from barbeque often.   i love to take photos.   my job takes most of my time.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i do take out.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i am very often eating take out.   i help take care of pets.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i like to take care of pets.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i take alot of calls.   i will not take no for an answer.   i take care of my body.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i like to take in criminal books.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i do not take school too seriously.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i like to take pictures.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i like to take strolls in nature.   i take care of lost pets.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility. 
pics	 i like to take pics.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i could have swam in the olympics.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes. 
seeing	 i enjoy seeing the world.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have a hard time seeing.   i love seeing new cultures.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i enjoy seeing new places.   seeing the world is my obsession.   i enjoy seeing live music. 
bucket list	 seeing the globe is on my bucket list. 
listening	 i like listening to led zeppelin.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i love listening to piano.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i love listening to the radio.   i like listening to old metal.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i love listening to great music. 
led zeppelin	 i like listening to led zeppelin. 
short	 i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i am rather short.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i am short.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i enjoy short sleeps. 
floating	 my place of residence is floating on a river. 
river	 my place of residence is floating on a river.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i like activated on the river.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i am a professional freight driver. 
body of water	 i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june. 
place of residence	 my place of residence is floating on a river. 
purples	 i like purples. 
hair	 i like to cut hair.   i am bound to a wheelchair.   my hair is red.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i have little facial hair.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i use a wheelchair.   i like small hairstyles.   i dye my hair.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i have no hair.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   my hair is falling out.   i am hairy.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i want a new haircut.   my facial hair is very full. 
use	 i love to redesign houses.   i have a spouse.   my family used to live in sydney.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   my house is very big.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i bought a house.   i use pens to write a lot.   i sell houses and buildings for a living.   my spouse is a member of the military.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   my housekeeper is dull.   my house in in the bronx.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i used to live in florida.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i like to flip houses.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   my spouse works putting out fires.   my spouse and i have children.   i used to be in the army and i did some fighting.   i like playing out of the house.   i am confused.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i am an author because i am jobless.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   my spouse hates us.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i use a wheelchair.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   my spouse fixes trucks.   i use a uni bike.   mozart is my muse.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i have a spouse and a kid.   i used to live in the mountains.   my spouse is a great cook.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i always use tumblr.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am emotionally confused.   i live in a big house.   i come from a lower class household.   i use a brush and easel in my hobby.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i used to live out of the country.   my spouse is unemployed.   my house is in the middle of the woods.   my house is usually not quiet.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i used to wrestle.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i have had 5 spouses.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i love going to the museum.   i used to live in a different country.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i used to run track in high school.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i just got a house in europe.   i have my office in my house.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i have a house.   my house is in a high altitude location.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i like to use coupons.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   my house is by the beach.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i used to participate in contests.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   my house is by the water.   i used to work in education.   my spouse is a businessmen.   i am looking for a new house.   i have a house in the midwest.   i have a house in the suburbs.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am not as young as i used to be.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i moved into a big house.   my spouse is a federal employee.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i used to be very athletic.   i go to the water and use my boat.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i used to be enlisted in the army.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time.   i used to b a lawyer. 
barber	 i am a barber.   i own a barber shop. 
snow sports	 i like snow sports.   i love snow sports. 
snack	 i really enjoy snack foods.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   i work in a snack shop.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i should not have as many snacks.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i like snacks.   i like iced snacks. 
leadership	 my work is in leadership at safeway. 
safeway	 my work is in leadership at safeway. 
visit	 i like to visit the border.   i have only visited places in the us.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i love to visit the store.   i have returned from visiting england.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i like to visit new places.   i visited europe in june.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries. 
border	 i like to visit the border. 
command	 my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
end	 i knit presents for my friends.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i make pastries for my friends.   i attend night classes.   i am always a friend to those in need.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i have a nintendo.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i have great friends.   i defend the goal.   i spend time at the pool.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   my significant other is my best friend.   i am currently attend indiana university.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i am attending college to obtain my ba.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i will be attending college in california.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i attended a state school.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i am thrifty with my spending.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   my best friend is my pet.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i have a pretend friend.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   my best friends are felines.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i want a girlfriend.   i am travelling to italy with a friend.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i like to play with my friends.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i like to cook on the weekends.   my siblings are my best friends.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i love my lavender t shirt.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i do not have a girlfriend.   i spend a.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i attended higher education.   water is not my friend.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   my friends always say i am shy.   my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my pet is my best friend.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i sport trendy lenses.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i love spending time with my pets.   i am a fan of spending money.   i attended a religious institution.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i attended an ivy league college.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i like nintendo.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   on the weekends i watch events.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i like spending my time outside.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i like to spend time outside.   i ride bikes with my friends.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i did not have many friends in high school.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i attend many social events.   i like long weekends.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i spend time with books.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i attend church regularly.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   my gender is female.   i am not friendly.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i am a server on the weekends.   i am struggling to make ends meet.   i love spending time with my kids.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i like to party on the weekends.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i intend on furthering my education.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively. 
mark	 i have a job in a supermarket.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i am employed at the supermarket. 
point	 i take school for points.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i am an appointment scheduler.   i am a disappointment.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i am disappointed with folks who did not. 
exercise	 i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i like to exercise before work.   i like to exercise.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i exercise regularly.   i exercise often.   i exercise everyday.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i go to exercise classes.   i exercise a lot.   i get my exercise outdoors.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i am really into exercise.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i exercise every night. 
mind and body	 i like to exercise both the mind and body. 
frankie	 my dad calls me frankie. 
dad calls	 my dad calls me frankie. 
professional	 i want to sing professionally.   i would love to be a professional.   i have a professional job.   i am a young professional.   i play professional basketball.   i am a professional car racer.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i play basketball professionally.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i an a professional painter.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i am a professional freight driver. 
corporation	 i have a job with a corporation.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do. 
company	 my pet keeps me company.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i enjoy her company.   i want to begin my own company.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company. 
organ	 a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i work well when i can organize things.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i like to be organized.   organic is the only way for me.   i consume organic.   i work in an organizational setting. 
continuing	 i am continuing my education. 
work out	 i like to work out.   i love to work out.   i work outside on taxis.   i work out a lot.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work out.   i work out as often as i can.   i enjoy eating to match my work out. 
exercise	 i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i like to exercise before work.   i like to exercise.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i exercise regularly.   i exercise often.   i exercise everyday.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i go to exercise classes.   i exercise a lot.   i get my exercise outdoors.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i am really into exercise.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i exercise every night. 
fat	 i am fat.   my father flies for delta.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i have no clue who my father is.   i am a father to four sons.   my father handles packages for a living.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   my father has been absent from my lifel.   my father is employed at an investment company.   my father was enlisted in the army.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   my father was a police officer.   my father was in the car industry.   i am a father.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my father is a godly man.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i reside living with my father and bro. 
hospital	 i work in a hospital.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my mom was a nurse at the hospital.   i want to work in a hospital. 
medical facility	 i am employed at a huge medical facility. 
moving	 i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i enjoy moving my body.   i enjoy moving to music.   i have a hard time moving on.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i dream about moving abroad someday. 
position	 i just started my current position.   i recently relocated for a position.   my position in the organization is well respected. 
ride	 i ride the waves every chance i get.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i like to ride from state to state.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   my ride is cherry.   i am on a free ride to college.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   my ride is a huge rig.   i have several rides.   my ride is dark.   i like to ride high.   i like to ride a board.   i ride bikes with my friends.   i push a sea colored ride.   i own a new ride.   i ride around selling books.   i have a beater of a ride. 
pastries	 i make pastries for my friends. 
deathly afraid	 i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high. 
fear	 i do not fear death.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try. 
anxious	 i cannot stop eating when i get anxious. 
mental illness	 i have mental illness that was found when i was at university. 
halloween costumes	 i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes. 
lover	 i am an animal lover.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i am a huge dog lover !.   i am a dog lover.   i am in contact with my old lover. 
domain	 the kitchen is my domain. 
kitchen	 the kitchen is my domain.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i like to be in the kitchen.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my dad loved being in the kitchen. 
room	 i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i am involved in several rooms.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i am going to paint my room purple.   i rent a one bedroom.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i do not have roommates.   i am a nurse in the emergency room.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i like my room. 
space	 my significant other is involved in space flight.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i know we are not alone in space.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i wish to go to space. 
share	 a few people share my flat.   i share my birthday with jesus.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i share my feelings online. 
flat	 a few people share my flat.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts. 
thriller	 i see a thriller film every weekend.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers. 
die	 if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   a soldier is what i am.   i am a foodie.   i studied english in college.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i like large bodies of water.   i play around with candies a lot.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i have tons of buddies.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i consume a poor diet.   i studies to become a teacher.   i prefer the ladies.   i am a die hard gamer.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i am on a diet.   my husband died.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i have a very strict diet.   my bro studies old things.   i am completing my studies. 
passionate	 i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i am a passionate person. 
eating	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i am very often eating take out.   i love eating sugary things.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i love eating tacos.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i love eating an egg.   i love eating at my residence.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i might have an eating disorder.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i avoid eating broccoli.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i like creating superheroes.   i believe in treating others equally.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   eating is something i enjoy. 
hungry	 i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   i am always hungry. 
culture	 i am a big fan of pop culture.   i work in agriculture.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i love seeing new cultures.   i have prior agriculture experience.   i appreciate the spanish culture. 
test	 i support the nba protest movement.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i am in contests.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i beat a school contest.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   i used to participate in contests.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures. 
method	 my method of transportation is dilapidated. 
finding	 i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo. 
tv	 i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   i like tv and running outside.   i do not like to watch tv.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i like to watch tv.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i never watch tv.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i like to see tv.   i like exciting tv.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   i love to watch tv.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i can watch tv for hours. 
viewing	 television viewing occupies most of my time.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
living	 i sell houses and buildings for a living.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   i cook for a living.   i make a good living.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   i like living dangerously.   my father handles packages for a living.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i drive for a living.   i am too hardcore with my living.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs.   i have a sibling living in europe.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i love living close to the water.   i enjoy living near the beach.   i love living in california.   i like living by the water.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i protect for a living.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i bake for a living.   i reside living with my father and bro.   i want to write for a living.   i punch numbers for a living. 
explorer	 i am a solo life explorer. 
catch	 i love to catch sea bass.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   i like catching sharks.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i enjoy catching bass.   i like to catch animals.   i love catching fish.   i adore catching the waves on my board. 
sea bass	 i love to catch sea bass. 
mechanic	 i am a mechanic.   i am a mechanic and i love it. 
will	 if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i never had a job and i never will.   i will turn 21 this year.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i will graduate next year.   i will be attending college in california.   my mom is very i will.   will you sign my cast.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i am willing to pay for quality.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i will not go on elevators.   next year i will be sixteen.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i will not take no for an answer.   some day i will live on the strip.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i am a huge serena williams fan.   i will scale a mountain.   i will be 26 next year.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   in 2 months i will be 54.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   i will be 26 this spring.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !. 
tanked	 my brothers wife has tanked. 
brothers wife	 my brothers wife has tanked. 
wrinkles	 i have a lot of wrinkles. 
wrinkle	 i have a lot of wrinkles. 
shooting	 i shooting my meals.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun. 
meals	 i shooting my meals.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i enjoy preparing meals.   i like to prepare meals.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i like italian meals.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   i cook my own meals. 
process	 i can process information very quickly. 
ad	 my parents had 5 kids.   i admire lipton beverages.   glasses give me a headache.   i made it to printed words.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i am able to read music.   i live in the state by colorado.   i was adopted when i was 1.   i adore cats.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   my dad calls me frankie.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i never had a job and i never will.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i had several kittens.   i love reading books.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i had a medical emergency.   my dad was a police officer.   i did not graduate from university.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   my dad is a priest.   i am mature lady.   i have a freeloader at home.   my mom and dad are retired.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   i joined a reading group.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i am a lumberjack by trade.   i am in third grade.   i want to be like diego maradona.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i like crawdads.   i love reading scary books.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i was on the pom pon squad as a teen.   i have a dead sibling.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i like to read old books.   i make a lot of home made videos.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i want to work on broadway.   i will graduate next year.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   i am an adult.   i work for an advertising agency.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   my mom and dad were very similar.   i like the open road.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i like to read a lot.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i had a tough childhood.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i need to study harder and get better grades.   i like to read horror novels.   i love to read.   the hue i most admire is plum.   i do not like reading scientific information.   i had a rough childhood.   being a determined lady gets me far in life.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i love the red head british singer.   i was in a bad wreck.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i get good grades in school.   i like to do other things but add.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i had a rocky childhood.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i am a lady.   i like bright shades and colors.   i was born in madrid.   my dad worked with the force.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i enjoy reading books.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i prefer the ladies.   my kids are basically adults.   i have adopted two pets.   i like the shade of emerald.   i like being on the road.   i am planning ahead.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i am an avid reader.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i am addicted to sugar.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   i like reading about the past.   my mom and dad are old.   i just adopted a pet.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   i am 15 and in the 10th grade.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i have been alive for three decades.   i am addicted to the casino.   i have road rage.   i am in the advertising industry.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   dad gave me a toy vehicle.   my dad works in a class.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i just graduated finally done.   i like to read dan brown books.   i like to read books.   my parents had more than one child.   my children are academically gifted.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   my parents had many children.   i like indian reading.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i had a difficult childhood.   my dad makes commercials.   i enjoy readin.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   i like to make salads.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i am in the 11th grade.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i am addicted to sweets.   i recently graduated from college.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i am from madrid.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i am addicted to the internet.   i love listening to the radio.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   my dad is a great businessman.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like reading books online.   i have bad luck with pets.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i am into adventure sports.   i do not eat bread.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   my spectacles have adhesive between them.   me and the lady help people.   i have graduated high school.   i am a husband and a dad.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i like long bread.   my dad works on cars.   i just graduated high school.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   my dad makes good meat.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i have had 5 spouses.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i can read music.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   my dad sold plans for his job.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i do not really remember my dad.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i have a dyed head.   i have not finished my academics yet.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i download videos online.   i am in advertising.   i have bad vision.   i prefer american made trucks.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i have an adorable dog.   i have a diploma from completing the twelfth grade.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i like to read historical information.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i have been live for a decade.   i enjoy long road trips.   i love the shade of fire.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i had a tiresome job.   my parents had six children.   i love sad movies.   i have bad luck with relationships.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i like american made cars.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   my dad brought roses.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   my threads are light.   i like canadian sports.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i was a bad kid.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   my child is now an adult.   i hail from canada.   i would go with a band when they tour the road.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i eat only salad.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i wish i had a siblings.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   i am canadian.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i have a home in canada.   i like bright light shades.   my dad has coronary problems.   i want to be on broadway.   i admire people who write books.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i dream about moving abroad someday.   the priest here is my dad.   i love books and reading.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i do not want to admit to my inner emo.   i just adopted a some kittens.   my dad drove a truck.   i like to be on the road.   i like the adult cartoons.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   being dead scared me.   i only graduated from high school.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation.   i like reading.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   i like reading religious books.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i do not like to be sad.   i read in braille.   i read a lot of books.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   i like reading more than anything.   my family likes out door adventures.   i love head banging songs.   i love broadway !.   my dad is indian.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   i have a lot of family traditions.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i am employed by sam adams.   i spent my time reading.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i read about 3 books a week.   i wish i had a higher salary.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i had cows as pets growing up.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   my dad worked with money.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   i like to read.   i learned to read very early.   i like anything made from italy.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
school	 i like old school music.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i complete school this year.   i am still in school.   i went to medical school.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i take school for points.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i play school base ball.   i am going to school full time.   i attended a state school.   i go to school over the internet.   i went to an ivy league school.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i get good grades in school.   i like to go to school.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i do not like my schooling.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i have went to school for dance.   i have a family member just starting school.   i am a junior in high school.   i am in school to be a healer.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   my mos was working in school.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i am finally done with school.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i have graduated high school.   i just graduated high school.   i beat a school contest.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i got straight as in school.   i left school to support family.   my schooling is close to being completed.   i do not take school too seriously.   i used to run track in high school.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i dropped out of school.   i am in high school.   i am in school.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i did not have many friends in high school.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i do not do well in school.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i teach in elementary school.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i only graduated from high school.   i am in law school.   i role my scooter to school.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   my mom taught in a preschool.   i go to preschool.   i finished school.   i have just started school.   i am studying a new language in school. 
school	 i like old school music.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i complete school this year.   i am still in school.   i went to medical school.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i take school for points.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i play school base ball.   i am going to school full time.   i attended a state school.   i go to school over the internet.   i went to an ivy league school.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i get good grades in school.   i like to go to school.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i do not like my schooling.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i have went to school for dance.   i have a family member just starting school.   i am a junior in high school.   i am in school to be a healer.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   my mos was working in school.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i am finally done with school.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i have graduated high school.   i just graduated high school.   i beat a school contest.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i got straight as in school.   i left school to support family.   my schooling is close to being completed.   i do not take school too seriously.   i used to run track in high school.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i dropped out of school.   i am in high school.   i am in school.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i did not have many friends in high school.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i do not do well in school.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i teach in elementary school.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i only graduated from high school.   i am in law school.   i role my scooter to school.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   my mom taught in a preschool.   i go to preschool.   i finished school.   i have just started school.   i am studying a new language in school. 
kittens	 i had several kittens.   i have way too many kittens.   i have a army of kittens.   kittens irritate my allergies.   i keep many kittens.   i just adopted a some kittens. 
couple	 i have a couple kids.   i have a couple of pythons.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i own a couple lizards.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i have a couple of kids.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i have a couple pets. 
moment	 i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments. 
moment	 i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments. 
volunteer	 i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i volunteer as much as possible.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   i want to volunteer more.   i volunteer with dogs and cats. 
rescue	 i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   i donate my time to rescues. 
sci fi	 i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i like sci fi.   i enjoy viewing sci fi. 
different taste	 i have slightly different taste in things than most people. 
snacks	 i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   i should not have as many snacks.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i like snacks.   i like iced snacks. 
reptiles	 i own reptiles.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i love reptiles.   i have a love of reptiles.   i like different reptiles.   i like reptiles and amphibians.   i hate insects , but not reptiles. 
act	 i am an aspiring actor.   i like outdoor activities.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   i like the act about the world.   i want my work to be impactful.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i am very active in the community.   i have hit alot of attractions.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i prefer animation to live action.   i am lactose intolerant.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   i try to keep active.   i like the weird act.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i want to be an actress.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i have a practical car.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i am very active.   i was a kid actor.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i own a compact car.   i love to act.   i run to keep active.   i see paranormal activities.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i like healthy activities.   i am with family and practicing the guitar.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i love collecting actual discs.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i am a manufacturing foreman.   i like group activities.   i am not very active.   i fractured my bone.   patrick is my favorite character.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i have been practicing music for many years.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i like activated on the river.   i am practically a chef !.   i have action figures.   i like the green act.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   i enjoy being active.   i am in contact with my old lover.   i love dressing up as characters.   i was a child actor.   i like to act.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i like to interact with molds.   i am starting a new activity.   i like to act out side of class.   being a character is something i love.   i actually enjoy studying.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   i have a very active imagination.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i am a smart attractive female.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i practice law.   i love interacting on my console. 
conductor	 i am a railway conductor. 
odd jobs	 i work many odd jobs. 
help	 i like to help out in the community.   i want to help people.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i am a strong and helpful person.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i help people in the medical profession.   my job helpe me teach kids.   my parent works to help children.   helping others is my forte.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i help take care of pets.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   me and the lady help people.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   helping heal people is my profession.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i help homeless animals.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i help those with needs.   i enjoy helping animals. 
community	 i like to help out in the community.   i am very active in the community. 
meat	 i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i do not eat meat.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i am trying to eat less meat.   beef is my favorite meat.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i love to eat meat.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i do not like red meat.   meat is disgusting.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i love meat hoagies.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i eat meat.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i do not consume meat.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i like meat in a bun.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i eat no meat.   i like meat and vegetables. 
nor	 i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i see paranormal activities.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   my job is at nordstrom.   i have not been north of the united states.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i stay in the northern states.   i want to get work up north.   i prefer to go up north.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i loved from up north.   i am nordic.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   i am from the north.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog. 
dairy	 i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i love anything dairy !.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products. 
cow	 i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i was born in moscow.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i have a cowboy hat.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i had cows as pets growing up.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !. 
cows	 i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i had cows as pets growing up. 
female	 i am female.   i am a female.   i have a female child.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i am a female in my 30s.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   i like my female office mate.   female pop singers are my favorite.   females from other countries are pretty.   i am a larger female.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i am a smart attractive female.   my gender is female.   my female parent does it all on her own. 
bored	 i love to draw when i am bored.   i am bored in the suburbs. 
big	 i like bigger canines.   i am a big fan of pop culture.   my house is very big.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i am a big gamer.   i want a big change in my life.   i like big booms.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i love big dogs.   i live in a big house.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am the biggest kid.   i am a big eater.   i am a big film buff.   i have a big family.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   dude has big afro.   i am quite big.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i like big bang theory.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i moved into a big house.   i treat sick people in a big building. 
trips	 i like trips to the ocean.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   i enjoy long road trips. 
ocean	 i like trips to the ocean.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i live by the ocean.   i like to go to the ocean.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i like the ocean.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i love being in the ocean.   i like going to the ocean.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i have gone across the ocean.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   i enjoy the ocean.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures. 
pay	 i earn hourly pay.   i am willing to pay for quality.   i earn decent paychecks.   i pay my parents rent.   i live paycheck to paycheck. 
divorce	 i just got a divorce.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i got a divorce. 
split	 my folks split. 
night time	 i ike right before night time. 
class	 i attend night classes.   i enjoy classic literature.   classic firms are the best.   i like classic rock.   i go to exercise classes.   i like classic music.   my dad works in a class.   i like classic makeup.   i come from a lower class household.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i took flight classes.   i love reading classic english literature.   i listen to classical music.   i like to act out side of class.   i am very attentive in class.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i love spin class.   i love the classic composers.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i love any kind of classical music. 
male	 i am above the standard height of a us male.   i am a male.   i am female.   i am a female.   i have a female child.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i am a female in my 30s.   i have multiple male siblings.   i am an elderly male.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   my siblings are male.   i like my female office mate.   female pop singers are my favorite.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   females from other countries are pretty.   i identify as male.   i am a larger female.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i am a smart attractive female.   my gender is female.   my female parent does it all on her own.   males run in my family. 
smart	 i am smart.   i am not as smart as i thought.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   my child is very smart.   my family is smart.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   i am really smart.   i am a smart attractive female.   i love my smartphone. 
relocate	 we have relocated a ton.   i recently relocated for a position.   i feel the need to relocate.   i want to relocate. 
ton	 i admire lipton beverages.   i like the rolling stones.   we have relocated a ton.   i have tons of relatives.   i have tons of buddies.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   i have lived in washington all my life.   i like the tone of cash.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i really like the rolling stones.   i have tons of money.   i live in the capital of washington.   i like the tone of the sea.   i like aqua tones.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i prefer warm tones.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i have a ton of energy.   i love washington state and their capital.   i like the tone of citrus. 
complete	 i complete school this year.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   my schooling is close to being completed.   i have just completed my education. 
map	 i reside in the maple syrup state.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. 
siblings	 i have no siblings.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i have older siblings.   i have multiple male siblings.   i love my two siblings.   i do not have any siblings.   my siblings are male.   i have a lot of siblings.   i have 4 older siblings.   my siblings are my best friends.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i love my siblings.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i have three other siblings.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   i wish i had a siblings. 
different	 my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i hit different conventions.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   both my eyes are different colors.   i like different reptiles.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat different things.   i used to live in a different country.   i do some different things.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   i am from a different lan.   i like to cook different foods.   i am very good at speaking different languages. 
wish	 i wish to join education.   i wish to be a rock star.   i wish i was an astronaut.   i wish i were more creative.   i wish i were taller.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i wish i were slimmer.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i wish my folks were here.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   i wish i was a musician.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i wish to build a home on the sand.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i wish i was beautiful.   i wish to be a star.   i wish i lived with someone.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i wish to travel to europe.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i wish i had a siblings.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i wish i had a higher salary.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i wish to go to space. 
join	 i wish to join education.   i joined a reading group.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. 
turn	 i will turn 21 this year.   i am nocturnal.   i turn things into art.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   i have returned from visiting england.   i just turned 65 this past week. 
21	 i will turn 21 this year.   i am 21 now. 
fond	 i am fond of indigo.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i am fond of baking desserts. 
indigo	 i am fond of indigo. 
dye	 i dye my hair.   i have a dyed head. 
dye	 i dye my hair.   i have a dyed head. 
identify	 i identify as trans.   i identify as male. 
trans	 i identify as trans.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   my only means of transportation is down.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   my mode of transportation is leased. 
gender	 i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   my gender is female. 
try	 i like fluid from out of country.   i try to travel once a year.   i work in the country.   i live in the country.   i am form out of country.   i like to try new foods.   i am trying to get a post college degree.   i have been in the country all my life.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i am so over pageantry.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i fly around the country for work.   i try to keep active.   i protect my country.   i am employees in the baking industry.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i am in the sanitation industry.   my family is in the medical industry.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i am trying to eat less meat.   i hate the country music.   i am studying chemistry.   i love trying new things.   i am in the advertising industry.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   i used to live out of the country.   i work in the gaming industry.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i am good at geometry.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   my father was in the car industry.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i used to live in a different country.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   i try to be too fit.   my career is in the banking industry.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i want to travel to another country.   i belong to a country club.   i am employed in the food industry.   i like geometry.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i try to stay fit.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i like country music.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i do not like country.   i love country music.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i hate trying small print.   i am trying my best to get cash.   i study biochemistry.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
new foods	 i like to try new foods. 
trying	 i am trying to get a post college degree.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i am trying to eat less meat.   i love trying new things.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i hate trying small print.   i am trying my best to get cash. 
post college	 i am trying to get a post college degree. 
higher education	 i attended higher education.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution. 
psychology	 my favorite subject is psychology. 
pepperoni	 pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings. 
berry	 i like raspberry. 
spicy cuisine	 i enjoy spicy cuisine. 
topping	 pepperoni is my favorite topping.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings. 
tree	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i cut down trees.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i run a little shop on main street.   papa johns has the best entrees.   i like making a salmon entree.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it. 
green	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i do not like fresh greens.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   i like the green act.   i have a green thumb. 
flowers	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i have red flowers in my backyard. 
bloom	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster. 
no	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i do not know many people.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   i do not travel.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i like snow sports.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i have no job.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i eat dominos every day.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i am not a fan of soy products.   i do not like to be around people.   i cannot see very well.   i did not graduate from university.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i am not a fan of my daily routine.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i can not be in dirt.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i like the snow.   i do not like working.   i am not as smart as i thought.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i do not eat animal products.   i cannot be alone at night.   i do not like fresh greens.   i like things that are not complicated.   my partner totally does not understand.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i am a jon snow fan.   i cannot stand the heat.   i do not like people very much.   i do not know my real parents.   i have no siblings.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i do not eat sugar.   i have not loved.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   i do not like to watch tv.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i do not eat meat.   i do not get along with other people easily.   i have no clue who my father is.   i have written a novel.   i do not like carrots.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   i have not been lit.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i have no sisters or brothers.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i know a lot about machinery.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i do not like vegetables.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i like graphic novels.   i love listening to piano.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   i love monopoly and risk.   i do not focus well.   i am not very good at love.   i like to read horror novels.   i do not like to cook.   i am not afraid to speak my mind.   coke is not my favorite.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   no one is with me.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i do not like reading scientific information.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i work in technology.   i do not like the way people see me.   i do not like being told what to do.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i am not a fan of children.   i rely a lot on technology.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   i win a lot at the casino.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i have a snoopy pet.   i am not well versed in computers.   i do not like burritos.   i enjoy snow.   i do not know my real mother.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i do not like french fries.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i like to party and not study.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i do not have any siblings.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i am not dating anyone.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i do not drink soda.   i like being with the people i know best.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i am not married.   i do not have a great voice.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i no longer work.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   i would rather not have vegetables.   i do not make a lot of money.   i can play the piano.   i do not like my schooling.   when i am old enough , i am leaving home.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i have not been asked out before.   i work for no money.   i sense things others can not.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i am nocturnal.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i have no kids.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i do not enjoy driving.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i am not vey graceful.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i have not held a job.   i do not fear death.   i enjoy non fiction.   i am not a dog person.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am not tall.   i do not need glasses.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i will not go on elevators.   i am addicted to the casino.   i do not like certain vegetables.   i do not like well done beef.   i do not like numbers.   that thing is not large enough.   i see paranormal activities.   my child cannot see.   i do not like relationships.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i can not drink milk.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i do not date.   i do not have good credit.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   my mane is not a natural color.   my mother has no job.   i do not like red meat.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i do not like going outside.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   my job is at nordstrom.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i do not have a girlfriend.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i have no hair.   i do not like mexican food.   my car is not anything too fancy.   my house is usually not quiet.   i do not have any older relatives.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i do not want a relationship.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i like noodles alot.   i will not take no for an answer.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   water is not my friend.   my car is nothing fancy.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i do not like long vehicles.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i am not very active.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i do not really connect with my family.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i like film but not novels.   i do not eat bread.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i do not believe in god.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i do not subscribe to cable.   i am not a fan of italian.   i am not a vegan.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i do not eat burgers.   i do not need a curling iron.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   i do not like gardening.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i should not have as many snacks.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   my folks are no longer married.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i am not a cat person.   i am about to have another kid.   i do not own a car.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i do not really remember my dad.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i have not finished my academics yet.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i do not eat healthy.   i do not like fighting online.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i do not take school too seriously.   i do not pick the right people.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i can not hear.   i am 21 now.   i have not been north of the united states.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i play the piano.   my eyewear is so obnoxious.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i do not know my parents.   i do not like blue.   i love jalapenos.   i can not talk well.   i do not consume meat.   i have not seen germany.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   i have no injuries.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i am not in a relationship.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i am in another college.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i want to travel to another country.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i like snow and ice.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i stay in the northern states.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i do not have roommates.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i am no longer married.   i do not understand that.   my child is now an adult.   i do not like cold weather.   i want to get work up north.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i do not like insects.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i am not a people person.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   there is nothing like my mother.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i prefer to go up north.   i do not like animal food.   i work for a casino.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i do not like my job.   i am not a morning person.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i am not afraid to get dirty.   my mom no longer lives.   i did not have many friends in high school.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i am not a picky eater.   i love snow sports.   i was so timid i did not go.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i am not good with money.   i do not do well in school.   my job is now at the library.   i eat no meat.   i have no sons.   i do not block calls.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i do not like king sized beds.   i love snow.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i am not comfortable with my body.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i have no education.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i do not have brown peepers.   i do not want to admit to my inner emo.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i enjoy horror novels.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i loved from up north.   my boy is now 10.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i am expanding my knowledge.   i cannot tell a lie.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i do not have a car.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i am no longer working.   i do not like country.   i know a lot about other places.   i cannot stand winters.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i do not like to be sad.   i am no longer in my twenties.   i am not a parent.   my family is not from the us.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i am not friendly.   i do not like who i am.   i am nordic.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i am not as young as i used to be.   nothing beats the city of lights.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i do not have any brothers or sisters.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i do not like athletics.   i do not drink.   i cannot stand clutter.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i am not a woman.   i do not know my mother.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i do not like to change my style.   i can not spell to save my life.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i know we are not alone in space.   technology is fascinating to me.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   i am not old.   i can not seem to gain employment.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i can not see things that are far away.   i am from the north.   i really do not like cold winters.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   someone i know works well.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have not experienced much.   i know sign language. 
hear	 hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i am heartbroken.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i like to hear hard rock.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i am hard of hearing.   i can not hear.   i like coloring hearts !.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like to hear about the world.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
can	 i want candy.   i like bigger canines.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i am an american.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i love mexican food.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   you can find me on the internet.   i cannot see very well.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   my neighborhood can get loud late.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i can not be in dirt.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   my significant other makes me happy.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i cannot be alone at night.   i cannot stand the heat.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i play around with candies a lot.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   my significant other is my best friend.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i can be kind of gross.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i am rude to my significant other.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   my significant other resides in venice.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i can play the piano.   i sense things others can not.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i have a canine pug.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   my child cannot see.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i can not drink milk.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i can remember names well.   i like mexican cuisine.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i do not like mexican food.   i can be kind of competetive.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i journal as often as i can.   i can read music.   my favorite pets are canines.   i work out as often as i can.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i prefer american made trucks.   i can be sluggish at times.   i can not hear.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   i can not talk well.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i am a republican.   in my home we have several canines.   i can memorize lines.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i can make words rhyme.   i can talk two ways.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i love canines.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i work well when i can organize things.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i like american made cars.   i like canines.   i like canadian sports.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i cant wait to drive.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i hail from canada.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i cannot wait to graduate.   my body is a canvas.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i am canadian.   i have a home in canada.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i like hot texas , mexican.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i am mexican.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i am a first generation american.   mexican is my favorite food.   my job can be described as clerical.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i cannot tell a lie.   i can process information very quickly.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i cannot stand winters.   i cant see very well.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i cannot stand clutter.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i like dogs you can eat.   i can watch tv for hours.   i can move my body to music.   i can not spell to save my life.   i can not seem to gain employment.   i can not see things that are far away.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months. 
tears	 hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. 
heart	 hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i am heartbroken.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i like coloring hearts !. 
proud	 i am a proud us sailor.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   i am a proud mother. 
us sailor	 i am a proud us sailor. 
things	 i like to learn new things.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i like to buy things.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i like to make things with my hands.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love to see things grow.   i like things that are not complicated.   i want t o travel and make things.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i love making things.   i decorate my home with particular things.   certain things freak me out.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i am very good at certain things.   i like to do other things but add.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i like to set things up.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i need things done my way.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i sense things others can not.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i enjoy making things.   i love eating sugary things.   i love trying new things.   i like to eat greasy things.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i turn things into art.   i hate shelled things.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i only buy things on the internet.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i am controlled by other things.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   things bother me frequently.   i love to eat different things.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i like to grow things.   i like to sew things.   i do some different things.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i like things beside soda.   i work with fun things.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i work well when i can organize things.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   i like old things.   i love to watch scary things.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i love learning about new things.   i have random things i like to do.   my bro studies old things.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i enjoy funny things.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i like bright colored things.   i can not see things that are far away.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things. 
seafood	 i like seafood a lot.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i like seafood.   seafood is gross to me.   i enjoy seafood.   i like to go after seafood. 
natural	 i am a natural brunette.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   my mane is not a natural color.   the color of my locks in not natural.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i like natural drinks.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i love natural colors.   i eat naturally. 
brunette	 i am a natural brunette. 
books	 i like mystery books.   i love books about science.   i love reading books.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i like the world of books.   i like to be around books.   i love reading scary books.   i enjoy books.   i like to read old books.   i love books so much.   i love audiobooks.   i am done with books.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i own books.   i enjoy reading books.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   i like to read dan brown books.   i like to read books.   i write books.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i like reading books online.   i like books.   i like to take in criminal books.   i like to sell books to people.   i love going through love books.   i like to flip thru books.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i enjoy many books.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i love the harry potter books.   i admire people who write books.   i love books.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i spend time with books.   i work on the books.   i love books and reading.   i like reading religious books.   i read a lot of books.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i ride around selling books.   i read about 3 books a week.   my mom works in a library with books.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
candy	 i want candy.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets. 
confections	 my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections. 
fresh	 i have fresh employment mongering automobiles.   i do not like fresh greens.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   nature really refreshes me. 
mongering	 i have fresh employment mongering automobiles. 
oil paintings	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. 
painting	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i just sold my first painting !.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i enjoy painting.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   my self expression is typically through painting. 
dominos	 i eat dominos every day. 
certain	 i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   certain things freak me out.   i am very good at certain things.   i do not like certain vegetables.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i only like certain foods.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes. 
flatulence	 i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence. 
access to	 i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. 
southern	 i am a southern.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i live in a southern state. 
orphan	 i became an orphan at an early age.   i am an orphan.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i am a orphan. 
early age	 i became an orphan at an early age.   i started devouring books at an early age. 
history	 i love to learn about art and history.   i like to learn about history. 
keep	 my pet keeps me company.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i keep up with current events.   my housekeeper is dull.   i keep myself physically fit.   i try to keep active.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i run to keep active.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i keep many kittens.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   my experience is in bookkeeping.   my children keep me busy.   i keep track of sport stats. 
tower	 we live by the eiffel tower. 
company	 my pet keeps me company.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i enjoy her company.   i want to begin my own company.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company. 
intelligence	 i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence. 
fish	 i am selfish.   i love to fish.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i eat fish all the time.   fried catfish is delicious.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i love fish.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i love catching fish.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   fish is my favorite food.   i enjoy fishing.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
key west	 my home is on key west. 
arts and crafts	 i love arts and crafts.   i am an arts and crafts person. 
buy things	 i like to buy things.   i only buy things on the internet. 
dancing	 dancing is fun to me.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd. 
fun to	 dancing is fun to me.   dolls are fun to play with. 
sick	 i am sick when i eat fish.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i always feel sick.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   my partner is sick.   i am sick of most animals.   i am sick.   i treat sick people in a big building. 
future	 in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i am getting a puppy in the near future.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i will have my name on a novel in the future. 
drive	 in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i drive a rig.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i like to drive a lot.   i drive for a living.   i work at a drive thru.   i drive a suv.   i enjoy rural drives.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i drive a pick up.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i cant wait to drive.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i drive long distances for work.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i learnt to drive.   i drive for work.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i am a professional freight driver. 
take care	 i take care of people.   i help take care of pets.   i like to take care of pets.   i take care of my body.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i take care of lost pets. 
hate	 i hate overtime.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i hate being poor.   i hate going to the coast.   i hate pets.   i hate my old job.   my spouse hates us.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i hate throwing out plastic.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i hate the country music.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i hate christmas.   i hate being late.   i hate shelled things.   i hate sounds.   i hate dogs.   i hate the beach.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i hate ham.   i hate the long run.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i hated being taught education.   i hate cats.   i hate red vegetables.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i hate western bands.   i hate trying small print. 
overtime	 i hate overtime. 
foreign	 i love foreign vehicles.   foreign cars appeal to me.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i like to watch foreign television.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i own a foreign vehicle.   i love foreign animated shows. 
language	 i enjoy language arts.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am studying a new language in school.   i know sign language. 
costumes	 i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   people with red noses and costumes scare me. 
guess	 i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. 
spend	 i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i spend time at the pool.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i am thrifty with my spending.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i spend a.   i spend a lot of time outside.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i love spending time with my pets.   i am a fan of spending money.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i like spending my time outside.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i like to spend time outside.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i spend time with books.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i love spending time with my kids.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively. 
spare time	 i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i play guitar in my spare time. 
staring	 i enjoy staring up at the sky. 
sky	 i live in the sky.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i like the sky.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i like the hue of the sky.   i like the way the sky looks.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   my eye color is like the sky.   i love the sky in the evening.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   the sky is pretty.   i like looking at the sky.   i am a fan of whisky.   i like to look at the sky. 
space	 my significant other is involved in space flight.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i know we are not alone in space.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i wish to go to space. 
face	 i like doing my face.   i have a pug faced beast.   i like to wash my face every day.   i have color on my face.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i am on facebook way too often. 
pig	 i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   i like the pigskin.   i like the pigskin sport.   i like to toss around the pig skin. 
father	 my father flies for delta.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i have no clue who my father is.   i am a father to four sons.   my father handles packages for a living.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   my father has been absent from my lifel.   my father is employed at an investment company.   my father was enlisted in the army.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   my father was a police officer.   my father was in the car industry.   i am a father.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my father is a godly man.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i reside living with my father and bro. 
man	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i do not know many people.   i study to be a businessman.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i work many odd jobs.   i am a skilled craftsman.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i am going out with my manager.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i have way too many kittens.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   batman is my favorite hero.   i am manly.   i have been working for many years.   i reside in manhattan.   i enjoy romance.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   my old man is a reporter.   i am a man in my sixties.   i am a sucker for romance.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i like to sketch batman.   my foot is small to be a woman.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   my management role is very important to me.   i have too many felines.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am a man in my fifties.   i have many girls.   i have many bros.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i have many animals.   i am a romantic.   my parents had many children.   my mane is not a natural color.   my mane is bright colored.   i keep many kittens.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   i live with too many men.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i daydream about being a man.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i am a manufacturing foreman.   human automation is my passion.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   my old man works from the couch.   i own many firearms.   i want to talk german.   my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with.   my dad is a great businessman.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i am studying the humanities.   when i hit manhood i left home.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i should not have as many snacks.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i have many family members.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i have not seen germany.   i am a well educated businessman.   i like batman.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   my father is a godly man.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i prefer beasts to humans.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i enjoy many books.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i buy too many clothes.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   i did not have many friends in high school.   i am very well mannered.   i have dark mane.   i attend many social events.   i have children and i am a woman.   i love getting a manicure.   my mom has too many clothes.   i enjoy manicures.   i am a family man.   i am a megalomaniac.   i like to get manicures.   i have several boys and a man.   i have a german car.   i am not a woman.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i have seen many interesting fish.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
fly	 i fly around the country for work.   i fly a plane.   i fly a lot.   i have an allergy to a flying insect.   i enjoy flying a kite.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i am a total social butterfly.   i enjoy flying by plane.   i enjoy flying planes. 
delta	 my father flies for delta. 
internet	 you can find me on the internet.   i go to school over the internet.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i am working on my internet career.   i only buy things on the internet.   i train people on the internet.   i am addicted to the internet.   my office is the internet. 
soy	 i am not a fan of soy products. 
products	 i am not a fan of soy products.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   i love cola products.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i sell products.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i dislike animal products.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i dislike beauty products.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
bought	 i bought a house.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day. 
caretaker	 she is a caretaker. 
thing	 i like to learn new things.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i like to buy things.   i love anything dairy !.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i like to make things with my hands.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love to see things grow.   i would do anything for my parent.   i like things that are not complicated.   i am usually doing something online.   i love bright clothing.   i want t o travel and make things.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy making clothing.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i love making things.   i sustain from anything toxic.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i decorate my home with particular things.   certain things freak me out.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i did something i regret.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i like soothing images.   i am very good at certain things.   i like to do other things but add.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i like to set things up.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i often wear dark clothing.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i need things done my way.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i sense things others can not.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i enjoy making things.   i love eating sugary things.   i love trying new things.   that thing is not large enough.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i like to eat greasy things.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i was named something pretty common.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i turn things into art.   i hate shelled things.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i only buy things on the internet.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i got named something pretty common.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   my car is nothing fancy.   i am controlled by other things.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   things bother me frequently.   i love to eat different things.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i like to grow things.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i like to sew things.   i do some different things.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i like things beside soda.   i work with fun things.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i work well when i can organize things.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   my family is everything to me.   being a character is something i love.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   there is nothing like my mother.   i like old things.   i wear dark clothing.   i am allergic to almost everything.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i love to watch scary things.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i love learning about new things.   i like reading more than anything.   i have random things i like to do.   my bro studies old things.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i can reach things on high shelves.   eating is something i enjoy.   i enjoy funny things.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i like bright colored things.   i can not see things that are far away.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i love fruit more than anything.   i like anything made from italy.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff. 
routine	 i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i am not a fan of my daily routine. 
everyday	 i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i get up before 5 everyday.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i exercise everyday.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   everyday , i deal with pain.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could. 
reading	 i love reading books.   i joined a reading group.   i love reading scary books.   i do not like reading scientific information.   i enjoy reading books.   i like reading about the past.   i like indian reading.   i like reading books online.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i love books and reading.   i like reading.   i like reading religious books.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i like reading more than anything.   i spent my time reading.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. 
daydream	 i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i daydream about being a man. 
prefer	 i prefer wearing a belt.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i prefer animation to live action.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i prefer the ladies.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i prefer to be alone.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i prefer warm tones.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i prefer american made trucks.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i prefer thin crust.   i prefer the summer.   i prefer slacks and shirts.   i prefer to do what i want to do.   i prefer beasts to humans.   i prefer to be financially comfortable.   i prefer felines.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   i prefer to go up north.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i prefer to dine out.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
choice	 i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   crimson is a hot choice.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   jamieson is my liquor of choice. 
beginning	 i am just beginning my twenties. 
vampires	 i love the series of books about vampires. 
mythical creature	 i think that some mythical creatures exist. 
extra	 i have a extra digit.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i have an extra thumb.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice. 
well	 i cannot see very well.   i am an urban dweller.   i do not focus well.   i do well speaking to others.   i grew up well off.   i am not well versed in computers.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i am doing well for myself.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i do not like well done beef.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i can remember names well.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i can not talk well.   i am a well educated businessman.   i work well when i can organize things.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i am very well mannered.   i do not do well in school.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i cant see very well.   someone i know works well. 
bound	 i am bound to a wheelchair.   i have lost all my money and rebounded. 
wheelchair	 i am bound to a wheelchair.   i use a wheelchair. 
chair	 i am bound to a wheelchair.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i use a wheelchair. 
furniture	 my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. 
seat	 i do not like fabric seats in a car. 
curate	 i curate art. 
priest	 my dad is a priest.   the priest here is my dad. 
cleric	 my job can be described as clerical. 
vegetarian	 i could never be a vegetarian.   i am a vegetarian.   i do not really understand vegetarians. 
lifestyle	 i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long. 
diet	 i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i consume a poor diet.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i am on a diet.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i have a very strict diet. 
biology	 i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i am studying biology.   i am college student in biology department. 
pale skin	 i have pale skin. 
language arts	 i enjoy language arts. 
language	 i enjoy language arts.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am studying a new language in school.   i know sign language. 
putting	 i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i dislike putting on swimwear. 
face	 i like doing my face.   i have a pug faced beast.   i like to wash my face every day.   i have color on my face.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i am on facebook way too often. 
side	 i am a current resident in the united state.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i enjoy being outside.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i love it when it is cold outside.   i like tv and running outside.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i like to be outside.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i reside in manhattan.   i work outside on taxis.   i am not inside of a marriage.   my significant other resides in venice.   one parent resides in my home.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i love outside.   i reside in a tiny town.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i am employed from within my residence.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i reside in a complex.   i do not like going outside.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i love eating at my residence.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i currently reside in missouri.   i like things beside soda.   i am outside a lot.   i reside in a large metropolis.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i like to act out side of class.   i like spending my time outside.   i like to spend time outside.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i reside near a urban area.   i love being outside.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   i reside living with my father and bro.   my family and i reside in a high rise.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff. 
half	 i am half a student.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   half way to retirement.   i am half a century. 
fraction	 i studied fractional representations of frequency in school. 
shape	 i am in great shape.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i am in good shape.   i want to get in shape.   i am in shape. 
real	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i am into virtual reality stuff.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i do not know my real parents.   i like television real late.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i really love dogs.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i really like starbucks !.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i do not know my real mother.   i am really into sports.   i invested in real estate.   i really like the rolling stones.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i really like to learn.   i really like sugary drinks.   i do not really connect with my family.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i really love soda.   i do not really remember my dad.   i am really into exercise.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i really love animals.   i am really in to fashion.   i really like mushy foods.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i am deathly afraid of being up really high.   i am really smart.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i really enjoy fruit.   nature really refreshes me.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i really want to be an animal doctor.   i am really good in the kitchen.   i really love the outdoors.   i really enjoy crafting.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   i really do not like cold winters.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
number	 i work with numbers.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   i do not like numbers.   i am good with numbers.   i like to work with numbers.   i am very good with numbers.   i punch numbers for a living.   i like working with numbers. 
healthier	 i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat. 
choices	 i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i do not make healthy meal choices. 
disability	 i have a disability. 
hard time	 i have a hard time seeing.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i have a hard time moving on. 
medical emergency	 i had a medical emergency. 
operate	 i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle. 
car	 i am a carnivore.   i have always liked nice cars.   i possess a death carriage.   i like scary movies.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i care about animals.   i take care of people.   she is a caretaker.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i push a super car.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i love reading scary books.   i teach animals for my career.   i am scared of high places.   i care about the environment.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my mother works in healthcare.   i do not like carrots.   i care a lot about animals.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i have totaled two cars.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i own an older model car.   i am a professional car racer.   i care about others.   i am a serious carnivore.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i carve wood.   my car is very responsive.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i have a practical car.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   my career is very important to me.   i need a new car.   my career is in a library.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   foreign cars appeal to me.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i am working on my internet career.   i own a compact car.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i help take care of pets.   i have a fancy car.   i like to take care of pets.   my pop makes cars.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i have a sensible car.   i care about appearances.   i care about people.   my car is nothing fancy.   i have a relaxing career.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i take care of my body.   i own a car.   my father was in the car industry.   my dad works on cars.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i do not own a car.   i enjoy using my car.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i care about how others see me.   my folks have good careers.   my career is in the banking industry.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   my job is in healthcare.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i like to care for pets.   i like fast expensive cars.   i want a roofless car.   i like american made cars.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i work in healthcare.   i care about my education.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i love those sleek italian cars.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i like fast cars.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i love to watch scary things.   i like the adult cartoons.   being dead scared me.   i watch cartoons still.   i do not have a car.   i love how scarlet looks.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i am into expensive cars.   i take care of lost pets.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i like the main car in the movie.   i have a german car.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i care about my looks.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   i care about my health.   i care about me body. 
manual transmission	 i can operate a car with a manual transmission. 
transmission	 i can operate a car with a manual transmission. 
east	 i grew up in the east.   i live on the east coast.   i have a pug faced beast.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i grew up on the east coast.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   i am an east coaster.   i killed a wild beast.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i prefer beasts to humans.   my mom moved here from the middle east. 
police officer	 my dad was a police officer.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my father was a police officer. 
rig	 i drive a rig.   i love bright clothing.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i ike right before night time.   i like bright shades and colors.   i like bright colors.   i enjoy being frightened.   i have stage fright.   i excercise my right as a us citizen.   i am not doing well in school right now.   my mane is bright colored.   i am originally from england.   my ride is a huge rig.   i love bright colors.   i do not pick the right people.   i enjoy hbo originals.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i like bright light shades.   the customer is always right.   i have bright weave.   i like bright colored things.   i like bright fire engines.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one. 
hands	 i like to make things with my hands.   i like to work with my hands.   my hands are full. 
pilot	 i am a pilot.   i pilot a nimble automobile.   i was a pilot a long time ago. 
metal bands	 i love art metal bands. 
graduate	 i did not graduate from university.   i will graduate next year.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i just graduated finally done.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   i recently graduated from college.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   i have graduated high school.   i just graduated high school.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i only graduated from high school. 
veteran	 i am a veteran. 
employee	 i am employees in the baking industry.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my spouse is a federal employee. 
through	 i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i like to walk through nature.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   walking through the mall is fun.   i express myself through writing.   i love going through love books.   my self expression is typically through painting.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm. 
serve	 i serve at a bar on the weekends.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i served in the armed forces.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i am a server at a food place.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i serve in a large city.   i am very reserved and timid.   i am a server on the weekends. 
bars	 i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. 
weekends	 i serve at a bar on the weekends.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i like to cook on the weekends.   on the weekends i watch events.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i like long weekends.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i am a server on the weekends.   i like to party on the weekends. 
call	 my dad calls me frankie.   i call the ghetto home.   i keep myself physically fit.   my puppy is called georgie.   i have a way to call folks.   people call me weird names.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   they call me anne.   they call me gary.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my kids are basically adults.   i am not able to make bird calls.   my children are academically gifted.   i take alot of calls.   just call me mom.   girls call my phone all day long.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i am practically a chef !.   people call me a ginger.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i am called maria in italy.   my self expression is typically through painting.   i am musically inclined.   i do not block calls.   i call my kitten katie jane.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i am very physically fit. 
ghetto	 i call the ghetto home. 
neighbors	 i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
community	 i like to help out in the community.   i am very active in the community. 
homes	 i tidy up homes for cash.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. 
loud	 my neighborhood can get loud late.   i like loud concerts.   i enjoy loud music.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i like loud pitched singing.   i like to listen to loud music.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
terrible	 my mother has a terrible illness.   i have terrible taste in music.   i am a survivor of a terrible disease.   i like to listen to terrible music. 
illness	 my mother has a terrible illness.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   i have an un curable illness.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university. 
cok	 i cok a lot of italian dishes.   coke is not my favorite. 
opinions	 i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   i am very vocal about my opinions. 
flight	 my significant other is involved in space flight.   i took flight classes. 
enter	 i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i like electronic entertainment.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i like to entertain people.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
stop	 i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love. 
phone	 i enjoy computers and phones.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i still have a flip phone.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i love my iphone.   girls call my phone all day long.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i love my smartphone.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   mother in phone stuff. 
wonder	 i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   abby is a wonderful person.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year. 
selling	 i wish to be the best at selling books.   i ride around selling books. 
coaching	 i am in charge of coaching girls sports. 
dating	 i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i am not dating anyone.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time. 
bands	 i love art metal bands.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i love bands like the beatles.   i like boy bands.   i like death bands.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i enjoy aggressive bands.   boy bands are the best !.   i enjoy rock bands.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i hate western bands.   i enjoy modern punk bands. 
shopaholic	 i am a shopaholic. 
addicted	 i am basically addicted to caffeine.   i am addicted to sugar.   i am addicted to the casino.   i am addicted to sweets.   i am addicted to the internet. 
skateboard	 i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing. 
skiing	 i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing. 
hated	 we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i hated being taught education. 
mutt	 we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   that mutt means the world to me. 
horsepower	 i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars. 
punk rock	 i like punk rock. 
rock music	 i like rock music.   i like to listen to rock music.   i love rock music.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i enjoy alternative rock music. 
watching	 i enjoy watching animated films.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i love watching nfl.   i like watching college sports.   i like watching videos online.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i love watching movies.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i like watching sports.   i like watching the nfl. 
japanese cartoons	 japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons. 
pro	 i want to sing professionally.   i support the nba protest movement.   i would love to be a professional.   i am a proud us sailor.   i am not a fan of soy products.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   i have a professional job.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i do not eat animal products.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i am a young professional.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i love cola products.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i play professional basketball.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i am a professional car racer.   i am a programmer.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i protect my country.   i help people in the medical profession.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i was approved.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i just got a promotion.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i sell products.   the approval of my family is important to me.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i play basketball professionally.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   helping heal people is my profession.   i am a proud mother.   i an a professional painter.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i dislike animal products.   i protect for a living.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i enjoy live productions.   my dad has coronary problems.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i like to fix problems.   i love programming.   i like to program.   i can process information very quickly.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i dislike beauty products.   i want to be a pro athlete.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i want to protect the environment.   i am a professional freight driver.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
cleaner	 my mother is a pro cleaner.   i am the child of a house cleaner. 
patient	 my parents are very patient with me. 
crew	 i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. 
series	 i love the series of books about vampires.   i like the hip hop series. 
activities	 i like outdoor activities.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i see paranormal activities.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i like healthy activities.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i like group activities.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most. 
plotting	 i am plotting going to germany sometime soon. 
hiking	 outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times. 
favorites	 outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites. 
flip phone	 i still have a flip phone. 
attractive	 i am a smart attractive female. 
raise	 i like to raise animals.   i was raised down south.   i was raised by my mom.   i was raised in a very structured home.   i raise animals.   i raise my own fruit.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my mother raised me. 
member	 my spouse is a member of the military.   i have a family member just starting school.   i can remember names well.   i do not really remember my dad.   i have many family members.   i love to remember good times.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i have a gym membership. 
member	 my spouse is a member of the military.   i have a family member just starting school.   i can remember names well.   i do not really remember my dad.   i have many family members.   i love to remember good times.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i have a gym membership. 
profession	 i want to sing professionally.   i would love to be a professional.   i have a professional job.   i am a young professional.   i play professional basketball.   i am a professional car racer.   i help people in the medical profession.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i play basketball professionally.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   helping heal people is my profession.   i an a professional painter.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i am a professional freight driver. 
job	 i have a job at sears.   i never had a job and i never will.   i work many odd jobs.   i have a boring job.   i have no job.   i have a professional job.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i am looking fora job.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i am looking for a job.   i have a job in a supermarket.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i have a job in the tech field.   my job takes most of my time.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i hate my old job.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i enjoy my job.   my job is in government relations.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i never go to my job.   i have not held a job.   my partner has a customer service job.   i have a hard job.   my mother has no job.   my job is at nordstrom.   i have a job with a corporation.   i like my job.   my job involves saving lives.   my job entails writing.   my parents have high powered jobs.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i have a basic job.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my job is in healthcare.   i have a great job.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i have a hectic job.   i had a tiresome job.   i take care of animals for my job.   i do not like my job.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i have a full time job.   my job is in the financial field.   i have a job in finance.   my job is now at the library.   my job can be described as clerical.   i am relocating for a job.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   my job is important.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i want my bf to get a new job.   i enjoy my job in branding.   he loves his job.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting. 
work	 i work hard.   i work at eureka.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i work at a juice business.   i work in the country.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i work many odd jobs.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to exercise before work.   i love to work on my garden.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i do not like working.   my mother works at kroger.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i work in a restaurant.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i currently work at starbucks.   i work with numbers.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i work with young children.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i love working with kids.   i like quality tools for work.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i work for the government.   i enjoy working at the movies.   my mother works in healthcare.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i want to work on broadway.   i am done working ,.   i like working where i live.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i want to work in tech.   i work for an advertising agency.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i have been working for many years.   i love to work out.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i work in the navy.   i am employed to work with power.   i have zero desire to work.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i work in a doctor office.   i work outside on taxis.   i fly around the country for work.   i work in technology.   i work bagging food.   i work in agriculture.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   my mom works in the educational system.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i like to work with my hands.   i work with computers.   i workout every day.   i am a hard working individual.   my parent works to help children.   i like working with animals.   i work at the zoo.   my family is hard working.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my dad worked with the force.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i work at a salon.   i work with young athletes.   i work in physical fitness.   i work long days.   i am a disgruntled worker.   i no longer work.   i am always working out.   i work at walmart.   i work for myself.   i am always working as a mother.   i work for no money.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i work at a drive thru.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a motivated worker.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my dad works in a class.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i work in sales.   i work for the nba.   i work for a box store.   i do work on a computer.   i work in a snack shop.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i work as a tech.   i work at an auto dealer.   my mos was working in school.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i do computer and software work.   i work at mcdonalds.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the tech field.   my old man works from the couch.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i work on the generational land.   i work with kids.   i work out.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   my dad works on cars.   i left my work to see the world.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i work in commerce.   i am working on my mba.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i work in cages.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i bike to work each day.   i work out as often as i can.   i work for playstation.   i work in a bakery.   i work in computer art animation.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i work at a checkout.   i work in a stable.   i enjoy working with children.   i work with fun things.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   i like to work with kids.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i work well when i can organize things.   i work on my days off.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   i work for dunder mifflin.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i want to get work up north.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i work for a casino.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my new work consists of law.   i instruct children for work.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i work as a doctor.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i like to work with numbers.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i work on the books.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i used to work in education.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i work with animals.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am no longer working.   i am a part time service worker.   i work in an auto shop.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i work in tech.   i drive for work.   i work as a clerk.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i work in billing.   i work with automobiles.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   my dad worked with money.   someone i know works well.   i work in a library.   i like working with numbers.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working. 
work	 i work hard.   i work at eureka.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i work at a juice business.   i work in the country.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i work many odd jobs.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to exercise before work.   i love to work on my garden.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i do not like working.   my mother works at kroger.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i work in a restaurant.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i currently work at starbucks.   i work with numbers.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i work with young children.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i love working with kids.   i like quality tools for work.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i work for the government.   i enjoy working at the movies.   my mother works in healthcare.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i want to work on broadway.   i am done working ,.   i like working where i live.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i want to work in tech.   i work for an advertising agency.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i have been working for many years.   i love to work out.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i work in the navy.   i am employed to work with power.   i have zero desire to work.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i work in a doctor office.   i work outside on taxis.   i fly around the country for work.   i work in technology.   i work bagging food.   i work in agriculture.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   my mom works in the educational system.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i like to work with my hands.   i work with computers.   i workout every day.   i am a hard working individual.   my parent works to help children.   i like working with animals.   i work at the zoo.   my family is hard working.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my dad worked with the force.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i work at a salon.   i work with young athletes.   i work in physical fitness.   i work long days.   i am a disgruntled worker.   i no longer work.   i am always working out.   i work at walmart.   i work for myself.   i am always working as a mother.   i work for no money.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i work at a drive thru.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a motivated worker.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my dad works in a class.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i work in sales.   i work for the nba.   i work for a box store.   i do work on a computer.   i work in a snack shop.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i work as a tech.   i work at an auto dealer.   my mos was working in school.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i do computer and software work.   i work at mcdonalds.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the tech field.   my old man works from the couch.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i work on the generational land.   i work with kids.   i work out.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   my dad works on cars.   i left my work to see the world.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i work in commerce.   i am working on my mba.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i work in cages.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i bike to work each day.   i work out as often as i can.   i work for playstation.   i work in a bakery.   i work in computer art animation.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i work at a checkout.   i work in a stable.   i enjoy working with children.   i work with fun things.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   i like to work with kids.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i work well when i can organize things.   i work on my days off.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   i work for dunder mifflin.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i want to get work up north.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i work for a casino.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   my new work consists of law.   i instruct children for work.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i work as a doctor.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i like to work with numbers.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i work on the books.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i used to work in education.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i work with animals.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am no longer working.   i am a part time service worker.   i work in an auto shop.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i work in tech.   i drive for work.   i work as a clerk.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i work in billing.   i work with automobiles.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   my dad worked with money.   someone i know works well.   i work in a library.   i like working with numbers.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working. 
military	 my spouse is a member of the military.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i am in the us military.   my sibling was in the military.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot. 
quiet	 i live in a quiet neighborhood.   my house is usually not quiet.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i am a naturally quiet person. 
breathing	 sometimes i have trouble breathing.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies. 
avid	 i am an avid jogger.   i am an avid reader. 
means	 my only means of transportation is down.   that mutt means the world to me.   i go below my means to financially benefit. 
mean	 pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   my only means of transportation is down.   that mutt means the world to me.   i go below my means to financially benefit. 
past	 i make pastries for my friends.   in the past i was a goalie.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i like making pasta.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   in my past life , i was an rn.   i like reading about the past.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i like learning about the past.   i love pasta.   animals are my favorite past time.   pasta is my favorite meal.   pasta is my favorite food. 
laugh	 i enjoy making other people laugh.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i like to laugh.   i enjoy laughing. 
pleasure	 i find pleasure in cooking.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures. 
cook	 i find pleasure in cooking.   i like to make cookies.   i cook for a living.   i like to cook for my family.   i love italian cooking.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i do not like to cook.   i cook a lot.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i like to cook.   i like cooking for people.   i cook for myself.   my spouse is a great cook.   i like to cook on the weekends.   making cookies is fun.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   cooking is my passion !.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i like to cook different foods.   i like to cook spaghetti.   i cook my own meals. 
older	 i am one year older than 28.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i like older music.   i own an older model car.   i am an older person.   i have older siblings.   my four sisters are older than me.   my older sibling blessed me.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i have 4 older siblings.   i do not have any older relatives.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i am an older sister.   i have three older kids in my family.   i like the colder months.   older musical films are the best. 
walks	 i take my pet on walks daily.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   my pet and i go on long walks. 
bicycle	 bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine. 
mode of transportation	 my mode of transportation is leased. 
or	 killing for sport is my hobby.   my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i am a carnivore.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i am an aspiring actor.   i like outdoor activities.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i made it to printed words.   i work hard.   my wedding is set for april 11.   i knit presents for my friends.   my favorite food is italian.   my vehicle is a dark color.   guns and roses is my favorite band.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i work at eureka.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i need to educate myself more.   i enjoy seeing the world.   i like to watch sports.   i check written words.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i live in the state by colorado.   i adore cats.   sports are fun.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i support the nba protest movement.   i work at a juice business.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i have high ambitions for myself.   i work in the country.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i like snow sports.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to visit the border.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i make pastries for my friends.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   i am a solo life explorer.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i like the act about the world.   i am a railway conductor.   i work many odd jobs.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i have a boring job.   i just got a divorce.   i am form out of country.   my favorite subject is psychology.   pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i am a proud us sailor.   i am huge and colorful.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i became an orphan at an early age.   i want my work to be impactful.   i love foreign vehicles.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i like to exercise before work.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   my father flies for delta.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   my neighborhood can get loud late.   i sell houses and buildings for a living.   i love to work on my garden.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   people say i am a force if nature.   i live in a quiet neighborhood.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i like to participate in sports.   i booked a boat for the summer.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i like felines more than beagles.   i cook for a living.   i live in a fantasy world.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i go everywhere on my mini motorcycle.   i hate being poor.   i wish i were more creative.   i do not like working.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   my mother works at kroger.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i like the world of books.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   desert is my favorite type of food.   my mother tells fortunes.   i was born in argentina.   i work in a restaurant.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i would do anything for my parent.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i currently work at starbucks.   i work with numbers.   i take in a lot of information.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i teach animals for my career.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i like watching equestrian sports.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i work with young children.   i am looking fora job.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i am recognized for being neat.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   i drive a dark colored suv.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   my puppy is called georgie.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i love working with kids.   i like quality tools for work.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i work for the government.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i am looking for a job.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i take school for points.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i watch performing arts.   i like to cook for my family.   i served in the armed forces.   my mother works in healthcare.   italian food is my favorite.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i want to work on broadway.   batman is my favorite hero.   i am done working ,.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   my eye color is dark.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   i like working where i live.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i will be attending college in california.   i want to work in tech.   i have no sisters or brothers.   i work for an advertising agency.   i used to live in florida.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i went out for the government.   i like winter sports.   i was born in moscow.   i want to see the world.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i have been working for many years.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i love to work out.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   it is difficult for me to eat.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i own a store that sells sweets.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i work in the navy.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i am employed to work with power.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i like to read horror novels.   i have zero desire to work.   my old man is a reporter.   my spouse works putting out fires.   coke is not my favorite.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i am a serious carnivore.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i work in a doctor office.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i work outside on taxis.   acdc is my favorite band.   i fly around the country for work.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   this is my first year at new york university.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i work in technology.   i am curious about the world.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   i work bagging food.   i ike right before night time.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i get up before 5 everyday.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i like to play sports.   i have neon colors.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i love to learn about art and history.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i am a sucker for romance.   i like a gorilla.   i work in agriculture.   i have my bachelors degree.   i enjoy being outdoors.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   my wife and i have more than 1 child.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   i live for sunshine !.   i am boring.   my favorite show is about zombies.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i like to work in the kitchen.   i am willing to pay for quality.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i like to work with my hands.   i am in the arm forces.   i work with computers.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i workout every day.   health is important to me.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i am a hard working individual.   i like bright shades and colors.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   my management role is very important to me.   she is a out door planter.   my parent works to help children.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i like working with animals.   i was born in madrid.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i work at the zoo.   i am a very supportive husband.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i consume a poor diet.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   my family is hard working.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i am doing well for myself.   i am really into sports.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   my dad worked with the force.   i am working on a book.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i like bright colors.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   my career is very important to me.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i work at a salon.   helping others is my forte.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i work with young athletes.   my mom taught for years.   i work in physical fitness.   i enjoy the outdoors.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i drive for a living.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   i am a survivor of a terrible disease.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i work long days.   i am too hardcore with my living.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i am a disgruntled worker.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i no longer work.   i like sports.   i am always working out.   beef is my favorite meat.   i was a kid actor.   i work at walmart.   i like historical films.   foreign cars appeal to me.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i work for myself.   butter and corn is gross.   commitment is important to me.   i like horses.   i am always working as a mother.   i like cooking for people.   i cook for myself.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i have not been asked out before.   i am a horse person.   i work for no money.   i want to bang the dude next door.   being indoors is stifling.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i am an orphan.   i like watching college sports.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i coordinate events.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i am a doctor.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i work at a drive thru.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i am a motivated worker.   i have went to school for dance.   i want cash to see the world.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i am a total bookworm.   i am rather short.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i enjoy team sports.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   i have been alive for three decades.   i will not go on elevators.   i am studying to be a doctor.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i get my exercise outdoors.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   i see paranormal activities.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   my dad works in a class.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   the approval of my family is important to me.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i am a junior in high school.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i want to be an attorney.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i work in sales.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i work for the nba.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i work for a box store.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i do work on a computer.   my parents had more than one child.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i work in a snack shop.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i work as a tech.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   i work at an auto dealer.   i am hopeful for marriage.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   my mane is not a natural color.   i am the child of a university instructor.   my mane is bright colored.   my mos was working in school.   i am originally from england.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i love writing stories.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   i like to be comfortable.   i like to do roller sports.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i possess orthodontics.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i have prior agriculture experience.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   my favorite item is a small sword.   i do computer and software work.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   my only means of transportation is down.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   my job is at nordstrom.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   i am an investor with stocks.   i have a job with a corporation.   i am a fan of california rolls.   my mom was an educator.   i live in the long horn state.   i like cool colors.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i work in the gaming industry.   i like to learn about history.   i am employed as a reporter.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i was valedictorian.   i am a manufacturing foreman.   i want to be an author.   i love to draw when i am bored.   i work in the tech field.   both my eyes are different colors.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am going to be an author.   i like the pigskin sport.   i have color on my face.   i am under forty six.   my old man works from the couch.   female pop singers are my favorite.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i love to visit the store.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i will not take no for an answer.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i desire to be more in life.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   i love the shore.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i work on the generational land.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   patrick is my favorite character.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i love sports.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i love squeezed oranges.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   i am into adventure sports.   i work with kids.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   i work out.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   my dad works on cars.   i left my work to see the world.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i am from california.   i like mountain sports.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   i like to watch foreign television.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i am also a landlord.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i work in commerce.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   i sport trendy lenses.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i am working on my mba.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i move around the world a lot.   i am socially favorable.   i left school to support family.   my dad sold plans for his job.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i work in cages.   my favorite pets are canines.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i love living in california.   winter is my favorite season.   i bike to work each day.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i love bright colors.   i grow corn.   i like to absorb written materials.   i work out as often as i can.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   my eye color is like the sky.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i like the price before 8.   i like to see written words.   mermaids are my favorite.   my favorite movie is lion king.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i like warm colors.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i am a orphan.   i work for playstation.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i work in a bakery.   lebron is my favorite player.   i have not been north of the united states.   i work in computer art animation.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i love fall colors.   i like thunder storms.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i am an author.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i might have an eating disorder.   i was given a grant for sports.   i look for people with my same interest.   i have an adorable dog.   i perform a string instrument.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i work at a checkout.   outdoors is life.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   my generation saw the world war.   i am forgetful.   i work in a stable.   hip hop is my favorite.   i am a author.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i enjoy working with children.   i am a business major.   felines are my favorite pets.   i enjoy hbo originals.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i work with fun things.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i perform on the local level.   i live a comfortable life.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i own a foreign vehicle.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i can memorize lines.   i was a child actor.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i can make words rhyme.   i love the outdoors.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i have a flair for the dramatic.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i am looking for a new career.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i like to read historical information.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i like to work with kids.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   mystery stories are my favorite.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i am a store guard.   i like to care for pets.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i am short.   i work well when i can organize things.   my life is boring.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i have been live for a decade.   i have a way with words.   my position in the organization is well respected.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i prefer to be financially comfortable.   i have foot odor.   i work on my days off.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i am an omnivore.   i like to be organized.   i like coloring hearts !.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i like going for a run.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i am searching for a person.   i work for dunder mifflin.   i stay in the northern states.   i am a sports fan.   i am very comfortable with computers.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i enjoy exploring.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i write historical fiction.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i want to be memorable.   animals are my favorite past time.   i like canadian sports.   tim went to california.   organic is the only way for me.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i like horse racing.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i want to volunteer more.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i protect for a living.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i want to get work up north.   i take care of animals for my job.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   i have been around the world.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   seeing the world is my obsession.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   i have a passion for literature.   i am ordered.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i prefer to go up north.   i like the color lilac.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i work for a casino.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i own a record shop.   i travel all over the world.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   that mutt means the world to me.   i love natural colors.   my new work consists of law.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   my mode of transportation is leased.   i am not a morning person.   i instruct children for work.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   my dad has coronary problems.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   it is difficult for me to connect to others.   i love ordering from amazon.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   education is important to me.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   i like going out for dinner.   i am a hard worker.   i am bored in the suburbs.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i perform in competitions.   i love snow sports.   i work as a doctor.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i am a educator.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i like to work with numbers.   i like big bang theory.   i enjoy water sports.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am very family oriented.   i am sort of a celebrity.   i really want to be an animal doctor.   i am not comfortable with my body.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i work on the books.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i travel to other places around the world.   i hope to see the world with my husband.   i used to work in education.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i enjoy short sleeps.   mexican is my favorite food.   i work with money.   i drive long distances for work.   i enjoy horror novels.   i work at a veterinarians office.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i loved from up north.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   i am good at beach sports.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i work with animals.   beef is my favorite food.   i can process information very quickly.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i have been away for a long time.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am looking for a new house.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i am no longer working.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   i push a sea colored ride.   i am a part time service worker.   i am relocating for a job.   i work in an auto shop.   i like outdoors.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   home grown vegetables are better for you.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   my passion is equality for all ,.   i work in tech.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i keep track of sport stats.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   my husband is forty years old.   my job is important.   i like reading more than anything.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   commuting is cheap for me.   riding my huffy is my favorite.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i drive for work.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i really love the outdoors.   i love to play ball sports.   my family likes out door adventures.   i am nordic.   i like to experiment with color.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   i do not have any brothers or sisters.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i like to go to sports games.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   italian food is my favorite !.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i have raw talent for this.   i work as a clerk.   i am on the road with a music performer.   tupac is my favorite singer.   i consume organic.   i bake for a living.   my commute each morning is on the train.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i work in billing.   dessert is my favorite meal.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   fish is my favorite food.   i work with automobiles.   i can watch tv for hours.   pasta is my favorite meal.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i like watching sports.   i like bright colored things.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i want to write for a living.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   my dad worked with money.   i am from the north.   i am looking for a husband.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i got a divorce.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   jane austen is my favorite author.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i learned about morals from him.   someone i know works well.   i like to hear about the world.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite.   i punch numbers for a living.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i love fruit more than anything.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   pasta is my favorite food.   i work in a library.   i enjoy sports.   i like working with numbers.   i love foreign animated shows.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working.   i have been at the er forever.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
grunge	 i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i enjoy grunge music.   i like the capital of grunge.   i love grunge metal. 
alternative rock	 i enjoy alternative rock music.   i like alternative rock. 
ice	 i have a high voice.   i have always liked nice cars.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i work at a juice business.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   my dad was a police officer.   my cellular device is my life line.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i like to s ee services.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i work in a doctor office.   my significant other resides in venice.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i like bee juice.   all i do is stay at the office.   i do not have a great voice.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   my partner has a customer service job.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i like my female office mate.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   crimson is a hot choice.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   my father was a police officer.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i have a commercial license.   i like the price before 8.   i like sliced pies.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i like walking on ice.   i have my office in my house.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i like to wear nice clothes.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i like spices.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   my office is the internet.   i like snow and ice.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i have a night job in the service industry.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i practice law.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i like iced snacks.   i am a part time service worker.   i watch the voice evey week. 
city	 i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i am employed at fun city.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i serve in a large city.   i recently moved to a city.   i live in a city.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   i like being away from the city.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i like shopping in the city.   i have a small walk up in the city.   my home is in the windy city.   nothing beats the city of lights. 
urban area	 i like to live in an urban area.   i reside near a urban area.   i am in an urban area. 
string	 i am a rock star on the strings.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i like the string beats.   i perform a string instrument.   i am a player of six strings.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one. 
string	 i am a rock star on the strings.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i like the string beats.   i perform a string instrument.   i am a player of six strings.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one. 
cord	 purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   i own a record shop.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century. 
rock star	 i am a rock star on the strings.   i wish to be a rock star.   my sis is a rock star. 
3 brothers	 i have 3 brothers and sisters. 
brothers and sisters	 i have 3 brothers and sisters.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have 6 brothers and sisters. 
baby	 i want to have a baby.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   i have several baby pets. 
children	 i like children.   i work with young children.   my sister has children.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   my spouse and i have children.   i am not a fan of children.   i have 2 children.   my parent works to help children.   i educate young children.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i have children.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   my children are academically gifted.   my parents had many children.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i like small children.   my children are my life.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   i enjoy working with children.   my parents had six children.   i instruct children for work.   i have 12 children.   my children keep me busy.   i love children.   i have children and i am a woman.   i teach young children.   i have a lot of children. 
lunch	 mediterranean food is my go to lunch. 
medical school	 i went to medical school. 
institute	 i attend an area institute of higher learning. 
tired	 my mom and dad are retired.   i am happily retired.   i get tired of commercials.   i am a retired colonel.   i am always tired.   i am retired. 
line	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i work on the line with machines.   i like felines more than beagles.   my cellular device is my life line.   i am usually doing something online.   i love felines.   i am employed online.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i own two felines.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i am self published online.   i have too many felines.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i like felines.   my best friends are felines.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like watching videos online.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like reading books online.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i download videos online.   i do not like fighting online.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i view movies online.   felines are my favorite pets.   i can memorize lines.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i make all of my purchases online.   i prefer felines.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i am musically inclined.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i share my feelings online.   my feline is sleeping. 
line	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i work on the line with machines.   i like felines more than beagles.   my cellular device is my life line.   i am usually doing something online.   i love felines.   i am employed online.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i own two felines.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i am self published online.   i have too many felines.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i like felines.   my best friends are felines.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like watching videos online.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like reading books online.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i download videos online.   i do not like fighting online.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i view movies online.   felines are my favorite pets.   i can memorize lines.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i make all of my purchases online.   i prefer felines.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i am musically inclined.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i share my feelings online.   my feline is sleeping. 
stay	 i like to stay up late.   i like to stay up.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   i stay asleep all night.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   i stay up late.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   all i do is stay at the office.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i do not stay in one place very long.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   my mom stays upstairs.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i would like to stay cold.   i stay in the northern states.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   i try to stay fit.   i like to stay at the same place.   i like to stay busy.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i stay up.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i stay with my folks.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
facility	 i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   i used to live in a facility for storing items. 
management	 my management role is very important to me. 
control	 i have no self control when it comes to candy.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i am controlled by other things. 
control	 i have no self control when it comes to candy.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i am controlled by other things. 
housing	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois. 
mature	 i am mature lady.   i am immature.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female. 
lady	 i am mature lady.   being a determined lady gets me far in life.   i am a lady.   me and the lady help people.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist. 
sweet	 my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i like sweet food.   i like sweets and dessert.   i own a store that sells sweets.   i have a sweet tooth.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i am addicted to sweets.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i love sweets.   i like sweets. 
pretty	 i see my kids pretty regularly.   i feel pretty lazy often.   i am pretty good with a racquet.   i was named something pretty common.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i am pretty athletic.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i am a pretty lazy person.   i got named something pretty common.   females from other countries are pretty.   i own a pretty large vehicle.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   the sky is pretty. 
violin	 i play the violin.   i am a violinist. 
string instrument	 i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i perform a string instrument. 
string instruments	 i enjoy string instruments en masse. 
missed	 how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game. 
roti	 how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i enjoy erotic novels. 
tandoori chicken	 how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?. 
chicken	 how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar. 
dish	 i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i like getting dishes.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i love swedish black metal. 
rn	 i am a carnivore.   i like to learn new things.   i am a journalist.   learning is exciting to me.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i earn hourly pay.   i will turn 21 this year.   i am a southern.   you can find me on the internet.   i am part of a modern family.   my mom was a rn.   i was born in argentina.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i work for the government.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i will be attending college in california.   i went out for the government.   i was born in moscow.   i go to school over the internet.   i enjoy learning.   i am a serious carnivore.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i love to learn about art and history.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i like westerns.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i am learning to weld.   i was born in madrid.   my job is in government relations.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i burned down part of cali.   in my past life , i was an rn.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   butter and corn is gross.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i am nocturnal.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i am working on my internet career.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i earn decent paychecks.   i am employed by the government.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i want to be an attorney.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i earn a lot of money.   i love learning.   i really like to learn.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i have a learning impairment.   i turn things into art.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i live in the long horn state.   i am learning.   i like to learn about history.   i only buy things on the internet.   i train people on the internet.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i am addicted to the internet.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   my nickname is arnie.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   i have returned from visiting england.   i burn water.   i am from california.   i journal as often as i can.   i am learning how to paint.   i love living in california.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i grow corn.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i like to learn about the stars.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i like learning about the past.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   my office is the internet.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i stay in the northern states.   i like modern rock.   tim went to california.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i am an rn at a local clinic.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i am not a morning person.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i love learning about new things.   i learnt to drive.   i live in a southern state.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   my commute each morning is on the train.   i like alternative rock.   i hate western bands.   i bite my fingernails.   i learned about morals from him.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   i like modern folk music.   i learned to read very early.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i am interested in learning how the brain works. 
getting	 i am getting a puppy in the near future.   i like getting dishes.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   i am getting my degree at home.   i am getting married.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i am getting married soon.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i love getting a manicure.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long. 
puppy	 i am getting a puppy in the near future.   my puppy is called georgie.   i have a cute puppy.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   i go with my puppy everywhere.   i have a puppy.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i own a cute puppy. 
daily	 i am not a fan of my daily routine.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i wake up early daily.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i vacuum daily. 
periodical	 i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places. 
astronaut	 i wish i was an astronaut. 
problem	 i have some problems with pronunciation.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   my dad has coronary problems.   i like to fix problems. 
boat	 i booked a boat for the summer.   i have a boat.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i go to the water and use my boat. 
summer	 i booked a boat for the summer.   i love summer.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   i like to hike in the summers.   i enjoy the pool in the summer.   i prefer the summer.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot. 
season	 i am a seasoned girl.   i love halloween season.   winter is my favorite season.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   i enjoy the cooler seasons. 
foodie	 i am a foodie. 
grass	 my babies love catnip and cat grass.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like. 
retired	 my mom and dad are retired.   i am happily retired.   i am a retired colonel.   i am retired. 
embrace	 i like to embrace my day. 
redneck	 i like to listen to redneck singing. 
singing	 i like to listen to redneck singing.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i like loud pitched singing.   i love singing. 
breed	 i am the owner of canines of different breeds. 
cleans	 i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. 
nintendo	 i have a nintendo.   i like nintendo. 
total	 my partner totally does not understand.   i have totaled two cars.   i am a total bookworm.   i am a total social butterfly.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. 
eclipse	 i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. 
volumes	 i flip thru alot of volumes. 
volume	 i flip thru alot of volumes. 
construction	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i left my small town to work in construction trades. 
creation	 i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   my house is close to outdoor recreation. 
repair	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
ethnic	 i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. 
roofs	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs. 
teen	 i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   i was on the pom pon squad as a teen.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   i just left my teens.   i have a long title and i am a teen.   i educated tweens and teens.   next year i will be sixteen.   i am a teen.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   i am a typical teenager.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed. 
potatoes	 i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants. 
alcohol	 i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. 
unwind	 i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   sometimes i just need to unwind. 
push	 i push a super car.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i push a sea colored ride. 
super car	 i push a super car. 
sports car	 i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i want to purchase a sports car. 
england	 i am originally from england.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i have returned from visiting england.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england. 
college	 i am going to a private college.   i am trying to get a post college degree.   i studied english in college.   i am currently in college.   i am attending college to obtain my ba.   i am in college to receive my diploma.   i will be attending college in california.   i am employed at a college.   i study in college.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i like watching college sports.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am studying in college.   i am on a free ride to college.   i recently graduated from college.   i was a college athlete.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i am college student in biology department.   i am enrolled in a design college.   i attended an ivy league college.   i am in another college.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet. 
last	 last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i am in my last year of education.   i like the last part of the year.   this is a blast !.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i hate throwing out plastic.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i got my mba last year.   i begin my last schooling session soon. 
hired	 last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job. 
months	 i have not seen him for 24 months.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   in 2 months i will be 54.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i like the colder months.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv. 
collegiate	 last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job. 
first post	 last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job. 
environment	 i am apart of a different work environment.   i care about the environment.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i want to protect the environment. 
surroundings	 i stand out among my surroundings. 
good role model	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters. 
graphic novels	 graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i like graphic novels. 
collect	 i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i have a huge collection.   i love collecting actual discs.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   my movie collection is so high. 
dairy product	 i do not consume any meat or dairy products. 
sports memorabilia	 i collect a lot of sports memorabilia. 
allow	 i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love halloween season.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i swallow a lot of brews. 
body	 i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i enjoy moving my body.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love body art.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   somebody put a ring on it.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i have a very strong body.   i am kind of a homebody.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i take care of my body.   i like have things in my body.   my parent is a body builder.   i like body art.   my body is a canvas.   i have a lot of body mass.   i am not comfortable with my body.   i ruined my body on skis.   i can move my body to music.   i care about me body. 
body	 i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i enjoy moving my body.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love body art.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   somebody put a ring on it.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i have a very strong body.   i am kind of a homebody.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i take care of my body.   i like have things in my body.   my parent is a body builder.   i like body art.   my body is a canvas.   i have a lot of body mass.   i am not comfortable with my body.   i ruined my body on skis.   i can move my body to music.   i care about me body. 
earthy	 i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables. 
beagles	 i like felines more than beagles.   i have a few beagles and a tabby.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with. 
beer	 i like to have a beer.   i enjoy beer and wine.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i am irish and love beer. 
alcoholic beverage	 my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. 
group	 i joined a reading group.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i love heavy rock groups.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i like group activities.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i love hanging out with my group.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   my group is going to go overseas.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
lemon	 everyone loves my lemon meringue. 
meringue	 everyone loves my lemon meringue. 
california	 i will be attending college in california.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i am from california.   i love living in california.   tim went to california.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long. 
cameras	 i like cameras. 
fantasy	 i live in a fantasy world.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i love fantasy. 
hope	 i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i hope to become rich.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am hopeful for marriage.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i hope to see the world with my husband.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day. 
bake	 i like to bake.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i like to study and bake.   i work in a bakery.   i love to bake.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i bake for a living. 
glad	 i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore. 
fake	 i enjoy being fake. 
strong	 i am strong.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i have a very strong body.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   my mother is strong.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished. 
breakfast	 i enjoy breakfast food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite. 
down	 i cut down trees.   i was raised down south.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   i burned down part of cali.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i jot down my thoughts.   my only means of transportation is down.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i download videos online.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i live down south.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives. 
scooter	 i role my scooter to school. 
motorcycles	 i dress like i ride motorcycles. 
feel	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i have been feeling depressed.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i feel the need to relocate.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i feel pretty lazy often.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   sometimes i feel depressed.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i always feel sick.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i feel at home on the water.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i feel large.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i share my feelings online.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed. 
awkward	 i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i get awkward around people. 
off	 one of my offspring is a quarterback.   my dad was a police officer.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i work in a doctor office.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i grew up well off.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i have multiple offspring.   all i do is stay at the office.   i like my female office mate.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   my father was a police officer.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have my office in my house.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   my office is the internet.   i work on my days off.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   people find me to be off.   i am an elected official.   i love coffee. 
mastered	 after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords. 
beautiful wife	 i have a beautiful wife. 
responsibility	 i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility. 
finance	 i make sure people can improve their finances.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i have a job in finance.   i enjoy accounting and finance. 
snow	 i like snow sports.   i like the snow.   i am a jon snow fan.   i enjoy snow.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i like snow and ice.   i love snow sports.   i love snow.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports. 
poor	 i hate being poor.   i consume a poor diet. 
creative	 i enjoy being creative.   i wish i were more creative.   i am very creative.   i am a creative person.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   my family is creative.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i am creative. 
working	 i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i do not like working.   i love working with kids.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i enjoy working at the movies.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am done working ,.   i like working where i live.   i have been working for many years.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am a hard working individual.   i like working with animals.   my family is hard working.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i am always working out.   i am always working as a mother.   i am working on my internet career.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   my mos was working in school.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am working on my mba.   i enjoy working with children.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i am no longer working.   i like working with numbers.   i enjoy working. 
third grade	 i am in third grade. 
thoughts	 i have weird night thoughts.   i jot down my thoughts.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i am interested in the thoughts of others. 
diego maradona	 i want to be like diego maradona. 
fantasy	 i live in a fantasy world.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i love fantasy. 
south	 i am a southern.   i was raised down south.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i recently moved to the south.   i lived in the south.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i come from the south.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i live in the south.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i live down south.   i live in a southern state. 
tooth fairy	 i believe in the tooth fairy. 
fancier	 i daydream about a fancier lifestyle. 
eating	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i am very often eating take out.   i love eating sugary things.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i love eating tacos.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i love eating an egg.   i love eating at my residence.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i might have an eating disorder.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i avoid eating broccoli.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i like creating superheroes.   i believe in treating others equally.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   eating is something i enjoy. 
chips	 i love eating chips and cheese.   i believe chips ahoy are the best. 
cheese	 i love eating chips and cheese.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers. 
scary monsters	 i think most scary monsters are serious. 
gamer	 i am a gamer.   i am a big gamer.   i am a die hard gamer. 
harder	 i would rather work smarter not harder.   i need to study harder and get better grades. 
news	 i was featured in a newspaper article once. 
one day	 i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i would like to have kids one day.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet. 
patience	 i possess a lot of patience. 
seizures	 i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures. 
pool	 i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   i spend time at the pool.   i like to go to the pool.   i like the pool.   i haver been to the pool.   i enjoy the pool in the summer.   i love the heat and pool time.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i met my soulmate in the pool. 
dip	 i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   i am in college to receive my diploma.   i have a diploma from completing the twelfth grade.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean. 
golden retriever	 my golden retriever is named ginger. 
station	 my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i work for playstation. 
radio	 my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i love listening to the radio. 
communications	 i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   my career is in communications and advertising. 
body art	 i love body art.   i like body art. 
painting	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i just sold my first painting !.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i enjoy painting.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   my self expression is typically through painting. 
john hughes films	 i love john hughes films. 
commute	 i have a long commute.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i have a time consuming commute.   my commute each morning is on the train. 
desert	 desert is my favorite type of food.   i live in the desert. 
landscapes	 i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television. 
birthday	 i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i share my birthday with jesus. 
anniversary	 this our fifth year anniversary. 
boys	 i am one of two boys in my family.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   i am a single parent of boys.   i have twin boys.   i have several boys and a man. 
treats	 rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i like baking exclusive treats.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites. 
meal	 i shooting my meals.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   i enjoy preparing meals.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i like to prepare meals.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i like italian meals.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   i cook my own meals.   dessert is my favorite meal.   pasta is my favorite meal. 
seen	 i have seen dracula.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   i have not seen germany.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
social	 i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i am a very social person.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i have social anxiety.   i like to be social.   i am a social person.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i am a total social butterfly.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i am socially favorable.   i am social.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i attend many social events.   i am energized by social situations.   i am socially aware. 
born	 i was born in argentina.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i was born in moscow.   i was born in madrid.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters. 
knee highs	 i love my knee highs. 
footwear	 my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   my footwear is navy.   i only own a single set of footwear. 
cow	 i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i was born in moscow.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i have a cowboy hat.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i had cows as pets growing up.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !. 
variety	 i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i have a variety of interests. 
restaurant	 i work in a restaurant.   i go to restaurants frequently.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant. 
shop	 i loke to go shopping.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i am a shopaholic.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i go shopping a lot.   i run a little shop on main street.   i work in a snack shop.   i own a barber shop.   i like to go antique shopping.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i like to go shopping.   i like shopping in the city.   i own a record shop.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i work in an auto shop.   i have a job in a coffee shop. 
manufacturing	 my employment is manufacturing goods.   i am a manufacturing foreman. 
production	 i enjoy live productions. 
character	 cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   patrick is my favorite character.   i love dressing up as characters.   being a character is something i love. 
major	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i am still deciding what to major in.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i am a business major.   i am a science major at john hopkins university. 
officer	 my dad was a police officer.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   my father was a police officer. 
spent	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i have spent along time in love.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i spent my time reading. 
medical field	 my family was in the medical field.   i am close to two people in the medical field. 
two	 i am one of two boys in my family.   i have two younger brothers.   i need two screens.   i have totaled two cars.   i own two felines.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   i love my two siblings.   i have adopted two pets.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i have two girls of my own.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   there are two other people in my family.   i can talk two ways.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i have two daughters.   i birthed a boy and two girls. 
brothers	 my brothers wife has tanked.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i have two younger brothers.   i have no sisters or brothers.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i do not have any brothers or sisters. 
eat animal	 i do not eat animal products.   i do not eat animals or any animal products. 
watercolors	 i am an artist , i work with watercolors. 
rower	 i was on a rower and saw many places.   i am and excellent ball thrower. 
water sport	 i enjoy water sports. 
saw	 i was on a rower and saw many places.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   my generation saw the world war.   i saw the sun change with out help. 
look	 i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i like the look.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i am looking fora job.   i am looking for a job.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i am single and looking.   my follicles look reddened.   i like to get my way using my looks.   i like the way the sky looks.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i look for people with my same interest.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i am looking for a new career.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   i am looking for a new spouse.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i like looking at the sky.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i love how scarlet looks.   i am looking for a new house.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i am looking for a husband.   i care about my looks.   i like to look at the sky.   i judge people on their looks. 
devour	 i devour at least 1 book a week.   i started devouring books at an early age. 
concerts	 i like to go to concerts.   i like loud concerts.   i like going to concerts.   i like music and concerts. 
musical performance	 i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i have received accolades for my musical performances. 
show	 fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   i am caught up on all my shows.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   my favorite show is about zombies.   my mom showed me how to love life.   i am obsessed with nerdy shows.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i love to show my talents.   i like old shows.   i like dog shows.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i love foreign animated shows.   i like funny shows. 
started	 i just started my current position.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i want to have a business that i started.   i like to get my day started.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i have just started school. 
pitcher	 i am a pitcher. 
stuff	 i am into virtual reality stuff.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i like the small stuff.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i like the best stuff.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   i like blues and similar stuff.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   mother in phone stuff.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff. 
virtual reality	 i am into virtual reality stuff.   i like virtual reality stuff. 
experiment	 i like to experiment with color. 
brews	 i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i swallow a lot of brews. 
successful	 i am often successful at ocean fishing. 
fishing	 i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i enjoy fishing. 
hunting	 i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. 
killing	 killing for sport is my hobby.   i enjoy killing sea creatures. 
complicated	 i like things that are not complicated.   i am a very complicated person. 
european football	 i play european football. 
shoes	 i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i do not like wearing shoes. 
name brand	 i enjoy name brand sport shoes. 
football	 i play european football.   i play football.   i enjoy football and other games.   i am a football star.   i enjoy going to football games.   i play on a football team.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i love football.   i play basketball and football. 
football	 i play european football.   i play football.   i enjoy football and other games.   i am a football star.   i enjoy going to football games.   i play on a football team.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i love football.   i play basketball and football. 
environment	 i am apart of a different work environment.   i care about the environment.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i want to protect the environment. 
workers	 my mom and dad are education workers.   my parents were labor workers. 
goal	 in the past i was a goalie.   i defend the goal.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game. 
success	 i am often successful at ocean fishing.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. 
bank	 i became unemployed from the bank recently.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   my bank flow is high.   my career is in the banking industry.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i moonlight as a banker. 
financial institution	 my mom is employed as a financial institution. 
care	 my career is that of a physical performer.   i care about animals.   i take care of people.   she is a caretaker.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i teach animals for my career.   i am scared of high places.   i care about the environment.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my mother works in healthcare.   i care a lot about animals.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i care about others.   there are no opportunities in my career.   my career is very important to me.   my career is in a library.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am working on my internet career.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i help take care of pets.   i like to take care of pets.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i care about appearances.   i care about people.   i have a relaxing career.   i take care of my body.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i take care of my kids during the day.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i care about how others see me.   my folks have good careers.   my career is in the banking industry.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   my job is in healthcare.   i like to care for pets.   i work in healthcare.   i care about my education.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   being dead scared me.   i take care of lost pets.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i care about my looks.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i care about my health.   i care about me body. 
grandparents	 my grandparents were immigrants. 
saturday	 i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   saturday night i go drinking.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group. 
sunday	 i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group. 
bilingual	 i am bilingual. 
starbucks	 i currently work at starbucks.   i really like starbucks !.   i love to get stuff from starbucks. 
cafe	 i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i worked in my parents cafe. 
player	 i am a key player in a miles davis group.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   lebron is my favorite player.   i am a player of six strings.   i am a guitar player. 
key	 my home is on key west.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i am a disc jockey on air. 
miles davis	 i am a key player in a miles davis group. 
work with numbers	 i work with numbers.   i like to work with numbers. 
scary	 i like scary movies.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i love reading scary books.   i love to watch scary things. 
bright	 i love bright clothing.   i like bright shades and colors.   i like bright colors.   my mane is bright colored.   i love bright colors.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i like bright light shades.   i have bright weave.   i like bright colored things.   i like bright fire engines. 
first shooter video games	 i play first shooter video games. 
video games	 i play first shooter video games.   i enjoy video games.   i am good at video games.   i make documentaries about video games.   i always found video games to be fun. 
feel	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i have been feeling depressed.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i feel the need to relocate.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i feel pretty lazy often.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   sometimes i feel depressed.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i always feel sick.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i feel at home on the water.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i feel large.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i share my feelings online.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed. 
partner	 my partner totally does not understand.   i am in my thirties without a partner.   my partner has a customer service job.   i met a partner recently.   i have a partner.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   my partner is sick.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i only need to be with my partner.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   my partner lives with me. 
understand	 my partner totally does not understand.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i do not understand that. 
take in	 i take in a lot of information.   i like to take in criminal books. 
battle	 i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places. 
white	 i am a fan if the great white.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   on the census i check the box for being a white person. 
move	 i support the nba protest movement.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i like to move it to music.   i like to move to the music.   i recently moved to the south.   i recently moved to a city.   i moved to europe.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i love spanish movements.   i move around the world a lot.   i like to move around.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   my mom moved here from the middle east.   i move around a lot.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i moved into a big house.   i can move my body to music.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot. 
walking with	 i go walking with my kids outside. 
toddlers	 i am a parent to 2 toddlers. 
s	 i love to redesign houses.   killing for sport is my hobby.   i shot an arrow the other day !.   i like to get dressed up.   my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i was a really good runner when i was younger.   my mother is the closest person to me.   my parents had 5 kids.   i like fairy tales.   i admire lipton beverages.   i am selfish.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i enjoy computers and phones.   i am an aspiring actor.   i tell jokes on stage.   i was on the silver screen.   i like rock music.   my parents are very judgmental and rude.   i have a severe allergy.   i am in great shape.   glasses give me a headache.   i have dark eyes.   i like outdoor activities.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   in my youth i could spell competitively.   i made it to printed words.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   music comes easy to me.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i watch kids.   i have always liked nice cars.   my wedding is set for april 11.   i possess a death carriage.   i knit presents for my friends.   i like old school music.   i like scary movies.   my favorite food is italian.   i like suspense.   i like the sand and water.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i am a current resident in the united state.   i like bigger canines.   i enjoy my albums.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   my vehicle is a dark color.   guns and roses is my favorite band.   i loke to go shopping.   i like to listen to rock music.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i study to be a businessman.   i am an engineering student.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i like to learn new things.   i have a spouse.   my sister has lots of kids.   i am a journalist.   i hail from the lone star state.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i love rock music.   i handle cash.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i need to educate myself more.   i enjoy seeing the world.   my family used to live in sydney.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i like to watch sports.   i check written words.   i like mob movies.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i like to stay up late.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i am able to read music.   i care about animals.   i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   i live in the state by colorado.   i was adopted when i was 1.   i adore cats.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   sports are fun.   i want to sing professionally.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   i was in the army.   learning is exciting to me.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i support the nba protest movement.   i attend an area institute of higher learning.   i work at a juice business.   i like the rolling stones.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i have high ambitions for myself.   i love mosh pits.   i have a job at sears.   i love pop music.   i like to take pics.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i love my puppies.   i like listening to led zeppelin.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   i like purples.   i like snow sports.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to visit the border.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   my dad calls me frankie.   i would love to be a professional.   i work in a hospital.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i ride the waves every chance i get.   i make pastries for my friends.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   the kitchen is my domain.   a few people share my flat.   i live in the sky.   i like mystery books.   if my lover dies before me , i will be with him in death.   i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   i have grown some very large plants.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i am a solo life explorer.   i love to catch sea bass.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   my brothers wife has tanked.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i shooting my meals.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i had several kittens.   i have a couple kids.   i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i love science fiction.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i work many odd jobs.   my house is very big.   i like trips to the ocean.   i just got a divorce.   i attend night classes.   i am always a friend to those in need.   i am above the standard height of a us male.   i am smart.   i complete school this year.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i wish to join education.   i will turn 21 this year.   i identify as trans.   i like to try new foods.   i am trying to get a post college degree.   my favorite subject is psychology.   pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i like animals.   i want to get my own places.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i am a proud us sailor.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i like seafood a lot.   i love books about science.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i have fresh employment mongering automobiles.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i eat dominos every day.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i enjoy pop music.   i have awesome people i hang out with.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i am a southern.   my pet keeps me company.   i like to make miniatures.   i love to fish.   my home is on key west.   i am a skilled craftsman.   i like to buy things.   i like to go shopping a lot.   dancing is fun to me.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i like to move it to music.   i love foreign vehicles.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i like to exercise before work.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   my father flies for delta.   i am not a fan of soy products.   i bought a house.   she is a caretaker.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i love reading books.   i am distrustful of people.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i use pens to write a lot.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i cannot see very well.   i have pale skin.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i have a disability.   i have a hard time seeing.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i grew up in the east.   my dad was a police officer.   i like to make things with my hands.   a soldier is what i am.   i love art metal bands.   i did not graduate from university.   i have a ps4.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   my mother has a terrible illness.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i sell houses and buildings for a living.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i am part irish.   i am a shopaholic.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   i enjoy watching animated films.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   my parents are very patient with me.   i am a student at the university.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i still have a flip phone.   people say i am a force if nature.   my dad is a priest.   i like to raise animals.   my spouse is a member of the military.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   in the past i was a goalie.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i have a professional job.   i find pleasure in cooking.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i am a rock star on the strings.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i want to be an artist.   i live in a studio.   i like the sky.   my parent educates others.   i am still in school.   i like to stay up.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   i love my kids.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i went to medical school.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i wish to be a rock star.   i like to make cookies.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   my mom was a rn.   i like to participate in sports.   i want to live closer to nature.   i am an outcast.   i wish i was an astronaut.   i booked a boat for the summer.   my babies love catnip and cat grass.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i am partial to shades of grass and teal.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i push a super car.   i studied english in college.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i like felines more than beagles.   my cellular device is my life line.   everyone loves my lemon meringue.   i love to see things grow.   i like cameras.   i live in a fantasy world.   i own reptiles.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   my significant other makes me happy.   i am strong.   i enjoy breakfast food.   i cut down trees.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i have a masters of business.   i make responsible financial decisions.   i like the snow.   i wish i were more creative.   i am not as smart as i thought.   i have great friends.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   my mother works at kroger.   i was raised down south.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i keep up with current events.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i like to do pages on the web.   i possess a lot of patience.   i like the world of books.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i have a husband.   i like to be around books.   i love john hughes films.   desert is my favorite type of food.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i am one of two boys in my family.   i enjoy classic literature.   i wish i were taller.   my wife is a model.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   my housekeeper is dull.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i have seen dracula.   my mother tells fortunes.   i like crawdads.   i am a very social person.   i was born in argentina.   i love my knee highs.   i enjoy being outside.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   i work in a restaurant.   i was raised by my mom.   i jam on the skins.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i have two younger brothers.   i do not eat animal products.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i have way too many kittens.   i like to go to concerts.   i just started my current position.   i am into virtual reality stuff.   i love bands like the beatles.   i do not like fresh greens.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i like things that are not complicated.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i am usually doing something online.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i stay asleep all night.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i currently work at starbucks.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   i love all my pets.   i work with numbers.   i love reading scary books.   i like large bodies of water.   i enjoy books.   i play first shooter video games.   i like to exercise.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i have been feeling depressed.   my partner totally does not understand.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i like to move to the music.   we own several dogs.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i am a parent to 2 toddlers.   i like to print my thought s.   i teach animals for my career.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i am a jon snow fan.   i am scared of high places.   i love it when it is cold outside.   i cannot stand the heat.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   i spend time at the pool.   i like tv and running outside.   i enjoy surfing the web.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i do not know my real parents.   i have no siblings.   i have an eclectic taste in music.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i am in a university.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i have a couple of pythons.   i like to make blankets.   i love cats.   i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   taste the rainbow !.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i play around with candies a lot.   i do not eat sugar.   i am wildly optimistic.   i like television real late.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   i like getting dishes.   my grandma is a guest in my home.   i love felines.   i am a thrill seeker.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   i am very sensitive.   i have terrible taste in music.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   i wish i were slimmer.   i am a creative person.   i am from sweden.   i go to restaurants frequently.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i want t o travel and make things.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i need to be kind to others.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i keep myself physically fit.   i like the sand on my feet.   my puppy is called georgie.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i was on the pom pon squad as a teen.   i have a large family with babies.   i live on the east coast.   i make blogs.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i have a dead sibling.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have a way to call folks.   i like roses.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i love working with kids.   i have a lot of student debt.   i have tons of relatives.   my parents own there own compnay.   farms have cool animals.   i like to read old books.   i like quality tools for work.   i like to s ee services.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i like sweet food.   i create music on instruments.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   my significant other is my best friend.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i am currently attend indiana university.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   my mother is in law.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i like spicy foods.   i like catching sharks.   i have hit alot of attractions.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i like making pasta.   i love my nieces and nephews.   i spoil my pet.   i wish my folks were here.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i like to be outside.   i like sweets and dessert.   i like to walk pets.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   my house in in the bronx.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i am so over pageantry.   i enlighten young minds.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i love tetris.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i enjoy football and other games.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   i like driving fast and dangerously.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i take school for points.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i watch performing arts.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i like bears.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i do not get along with other people easily.   i enjoy listening to music.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i served in the armed forces.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i have only visited places in the us.   my mother works in healthcare.   i have no clue who my father is.   i love having pets.   i love science.   italian food is my favorite.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am a young professional.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   i want to be a singer.   people call me weird names.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i enjoy the sun.   i am guilty alot of times.   i live on the west coast.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i pick up the drinks.   i can be kind of gross.   my favorite shows are about zombies.   my favorite sports group is from detroit.   i am skinny.   i am in my thirties without a partner.   i am involved in several rooms.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   i love striped mammals.   i hate going to the coast.   i wear skirts.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   batman is my favorite hero.   i need two screens.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i wish i had a boyfriend.   i volunteer as much as possible.   i have a home in the suburbs.   i am a seasoned girl.   i do not like carrots.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i enjoy speed.   i love to design.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i have tons of buddies.   i am just a kid.   i live in a stand alone.   i have a lot of pets.   my eye color is dark.   i like to listen to live music.   i care a lot about animals.   i like to ask why.   i love cola products.   i love books so much.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   i enjoy being around animals.   i have family serving overseas.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   my sister has children.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i like italian cuisine best.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i hate pets.   i enjoy cosplay.   i exercise regularly.   i lift a lot of weights.   i have a job in a supermarket.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i enjoy long films.   i am from the midwest.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i love audiobooks.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i love cuddling with my babies.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i play school base ball.   i love baseball.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i eat fish all the time.   i almost always run into arguments.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i am lactose intolerant.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like caffeinated beverages.   i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i have mental issues.   i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i have totaled two cars.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i am caught up on all my shows.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i am rude to my significant other.   i wish i was a musician.   i like girls.   i am a star on screen.   i am done with books.   i have no sisters or brothers.   dolls are fun to play with.   i like older music.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i am starting my own business.   i work for an advertising agency.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i used to live in florida.   i like to ride from state to state.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   who wants to grind and toil all day ?.   my mom and dad were very similar.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   i have a few beagles and a tabby.   my mom is a lesbian.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i am an amateur entomologist.   i like winter sports.   i was born in moscow.   i am studying to be an entrepreneur.   i want to see the world.   my closet is full of t shirts.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i like beats.   i love making things.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i am an animal person.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i sustain from anything toxic.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i do not like vegetables.   i have been working for many years.   i live in a nursing home.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i like to watch dressage.   i like living dangerously.   i like to flip houses.   my parents are both employed.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i am going to school full time.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   i like graphic novels.   i attended a state school.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i reside in manhattan.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i really love dogs.   i love listening to piano.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i like the blues.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   fried catfish is delicious.   i have a lot of kids.   i am a professional car racer.   i love monopoly and risk.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i am very ambitious.   my mom is very i will.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   it is difficult for me to eat.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   certain things freak me out.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i am a father to four sons.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i am an older person.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i am a positive person.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i enjoy grunge music.   sarah is upstairs.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i own a store that sells sweets.   my existence is a tardy one.   my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   i go to school over the internet.   i am a waitress.   i am in the us military.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   i like distance from society.   i dislike hatred.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i love summer.   i get a full nights rest every night.   i do not focus well.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i need to study harder and get better grades.   i lived on teh west coast.   i am thrifty with my spending.   i study in college.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i like to read horror novels.   i am a graphic designer.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i have zero desire to work.   i really like starbucks !.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i recently moved to the south.   my old man is a reporter.   will you sign my cast.   i care about others.   my spouse works putting out fires.   my spouse and i have children.   i like seafood.   i am not afraid to speak my mind.   coke is not my favorite.   i am selective when buying vehicles.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   my hair is red.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   no one is with me.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i am a serious carnivore.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   i am the person who grocery shops.   the hue i most admire is plum.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i lived in the south.   my parent is a music shaker.   i like art and animals.   i am a dog person.   i enjoy video games.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i work outside on taxis.   i have a sweet tooth.   acdc is my favorite band.   somebody put a ring on it.   i enjoy making things artistically.   being a determined lady gets me far in life.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i share my birthday with jesus.   i own two felines.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i love to take photos.   i have older siblings.   this is my first year at new york university.   i am a man in my sixties.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i love growing vegetables.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i spend time in the water everyday.   i am bespectacled.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i go to msu.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i have lived in washington all my life.   i like the pigskin.   i used to be in the army and i did some fighting.   i am curious about the world.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem.   i do not like the way people see me.   i did something i regret.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   my job takes most of my time.   i like to play sports.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i love soda.   i play board games.   i have neon colors.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   my significant other resides in venice.   one parent resides in my home.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i love to learn about art and history.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i went to an ivy league school.   i spoil my pets.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like playing out of the house.   i am a female in my 30s.   felines are very dear to my heart.   my husband loves me.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i do well speaking to others.   i like guitar songs.   height is missing from my stature.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i enjoy language arts.   i am a sucker for romance.   i teach sun salutations.   i love the red head british singer.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i help people in the medical profession.   i love planning events.   i wish to build a home on the sand.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   my folks are gingers.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i have my bachelors degree.   i enjoy being outdoors.   my four sisters are older than me.   i was in a bad wreck.   i am an artist.   my car is very responsive.   i dress in a suit.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i win a lot at the casino.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   i like the tone of cash.   i am confused.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i have multiple male siblings.   i am in my last year of education.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i like soothing images.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i like westerns.   i have hobbies.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   i love my two siblings.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   i am employees in the baking industry.   i have an average size family.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   my best friend is my pet.   i am musical.   i live for sunshine !.   i have a positive attitude.   education is a passion of mine.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i stay up late.   my favorite show is about zombies.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i exercise often.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i love arts and crafts.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i want to be an actress.   i am very good at certain things.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i like to sketch batman.   i hit different conventions.   i own books.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   i get good grades in school.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i jump out of airplanes.   i have a pug faced beast.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   my foot is small to be a woman.   i enjoy moving to music.   i am studying art.   i like to do other things but add.   my pet is part of my family.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i love halloween season.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i have a snoopy pet.   i am not well versed in computers.   i do not like burritos.   i enjoy snow.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   my spouse hates us.   my mom likes me to live with her.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i like to work with my hands.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i am in the arm forces.   i like big booms.   i love cats and their babies.   i work with computers.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   i love santa time.   i just left my teens.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i am an early riser.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i am in contests.   health is important to me.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i use a wheelchair.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i love me some brisket.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   iam in the sticks.   i have multiple offspring.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i like going fast.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i want to see the new films.   i teach pilates.   my spouse fixes trucks.   classic firms are the best.   i like small hairstyles.   my pop passed away.   i like bright shades and colors.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i have a lexus.   i have a family business.   i grew up close with my parents.   my management role is very important to me.   all i do is stay at the office.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i like the last part of the year.   i have dark features.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i do not like french fries.   i have a army of kittens.   i use a uni bike.   she is a out door planter.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   my parent works to help children.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   i like to go to school.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i am in the sanitation industry.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i like to listen to music.   i go shopping a lot.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i like working with animals.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i was born in madrid.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   my child is very smart.   i am a very supportive husband.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i like to party and not study.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   my job is in government relations.   i consume a poor diet.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i have a sleep buddy.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i speak the letters back ways.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   my family is hard working.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i do not have any siblings.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i am religious.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   my customers like to play poker.   i run a little shop on main street.   i am doing well for myself.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   this is a blast !.   i am really into sports.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i like to set things up.   i am artistic.   mozart is my muse.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am a bicyclist.   i am a server at a food place.   i eat greasy foods.   i like superhero movies.   i am self published online.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i love reptiles.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i like cold beverages.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   sometimes i feel depressed.   i like balls.   i do not drink soda.   my family is in the medical industry.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i like bright colors.   i have too many felines.   i am related to a star.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   my career is very important to me.   i have three great dogs.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i am a religious person.   i educated tweens and teens.   i like being with the people i know best.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate throwing out plastic.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i work at a salon.   i studies to become a teacher.   helping others is my forte.   i exercise everyday.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i am trying to eat less meat.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i found some great gold studs today.   my kitten has a name.   papa johns has the best entrees.   my older sibling blessed me.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i enjoy music.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am 22 years old.   i work with young athletes.   music is my life.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i am personable.   my mom taught for years.   i love to eat mixed fruits.   i work in physical fitness.   i love outside.   i hate the country music.   i am a violinist.   i come from the south.   i wear a lot of hats.   i like music.   i have always been a dog person.   i enjoy the outdoors.   i live in the desert.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i like felines.   i love fish.   my career is in a library.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i enjoy going to other places.   i go to the stable once a week.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i am a physical trainer.   i have yappy little dogs.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   i enjoy reading books.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i am a survivor of a terrible disease.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i work long days.   i need things done my way.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i am a disgruntled worker.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   walking through the mall is fun.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i start with a k.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i am studying chemistry.   i like to educate myself.   my family is large.   i like sports.   i am always working out.   i love exercising.   beef is my favorite meat.   i am single and looking.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   i invested in real estate.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i was approved.   i tried out to be on stage.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i have stage fright.   i love animals.   i like raspberry.   i would rather not have vegetables.   my follicles look reddened.   i am a freelance artist.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i was a kid actor.   i make sure that i have some armament with me.   saturday night i go drinking.   i am very physical.   i prefer the ladies.   i like making a salmon entree.   i just sold my first painting !.   i reside in a tiny town.   my kids are basically adults.   i have adopted two pets.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   in my past life , i was an rn.   i have a very strong body.   i like historical films.   foreign cars appeal to me.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i earn seven thousand yearly.   i have a spouse and a kid.   i work for myself.   my siblings are male.   i enjoy naps here and there.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i broke three beakers today.   i love music.   i am a musician.   my best friends are felines.   i like vehicles.   i love seeing new cultures.   i like the shade of emerald.   butter and corn is gross.   i am religous.   i am a man in my fifties.   commitment is important to me.   i do not like my schooling.   i was raised in a very structured home.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i like boy bands.   i like horses.   i am always working as a mother.   i nap often during films.   i cook for myself.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i used to live in the mountains.   i love my pets.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i think what goes around comes around.   i have not been asked out before.   i have many girls.   i serve in a large city.   i am a horse person.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i enjoy exercising ,.   i am a very complicated person.   i sense things others can not.   i like to be surprised by my food.   i own flashers.   i like to watch movies.   i have social anxiety.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i have amazing stamina.   being indoors is stifling.   i like the hue of the sky.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i am addicted to sugar.   i was into 80s music.   i like watching college sports.   twins seem to run in my family.   i am a great artist.   my spouse is a great cook.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i like to get my way using my looks.   my father has been absent from my lifel.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i like classic rock.   i coordinate events.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i am an appointment scheduler.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i enjoy catching bass.   i like loud concerts.   i am a great musician.   i have diabetes.   i have puppies.   i am a competitive swimmer.   i do laps all the time.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i go to exercise classes.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i have no kids.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i just got a promotion.   i am very reserved and timid.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i would like to have kids one day.   i excercise my right as a us citizen.   i have many bros.   i am not doing well in school right now.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i have a lot of nervous energy.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i earn decent paychecks.   my clan backs up.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i have went to school for dance.   i want cash to see the world.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i really like the rolling stones.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i enjoy caring for pets.   my folks split.   i like reading about the past.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i have tons of money.   i like the way the sky looks.   i always use tumblr.   i sell products.   i exercise a lot.   i am employed from within my residence.   i love heavy rock groups.   i am not a dog person.   i am rather short.   i have a lot of siblings.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am a football star.   i just adopted a pet.   i enjoy making things.   i do not need glasses.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i enjoy religion songs.   i am a girl in her mid thirties.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i enjoy team sports.   i love eating sugary things.   i am a lazy person.   i like classic music.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   my mom is famous.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i have a long distance relationship.   bugs without 8 legs are fine.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i live in the capital of washington.   i hate seeing animals in pain.   i have been alive for three decades.   i have 5 pets.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i like to swim at the gym.   i am a philatelist.   i enjoy music experiences.   i will not go on elevators.   i am addicted to the casino.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i do not like certain vegetables.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i love trying new things.   i am studying to be a doctor.   i am trained with knifes.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i like to be social.   i get my exercise outdoors.   i have two girls of my own.   my partner has a customer service job.   i need to loose ten pounds.   i wish i was beautiful.   i long to be lusted after.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   i listen to hip hop.   i am in the advertising industry.   i am sober.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   i love trains.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i like to buy clothes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i do not like numbers.   that thing is not large enough.   i raise animals.   i help take care of pets.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   my sweet puppy is my favorite animal.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   seafood is gross to me.   i hate christmas.   i have a handful of dogs.   i see paranormal activities.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   i have a family member just starting school.   my dad works in a class.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have alot of loved ones.   i have a identical sibling , jane.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i like to eat greasy things.   my child cannot see.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i do not like relationships.   i have weird night thoughts.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   the approval of my family is important to me.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am a disappointment.   i am emotionally confused.   kittens irritate my allergies.   my significant other is a lawyer.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i grew up on the east coast.   i just graduated finally done.   i am a junior in high school.   i am in school to be a healer.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i have several kids.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i love big dogs.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   i like building muscle.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i am good with numbers.   i have dark and unique features.   i lived in illinois for four years.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i like to read dan brown books.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i work in sales.   my family is religious.   i have defined features.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   my family is smart.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i like to read books.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i have trust issues.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i live in a big house.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i like to play with my friends.   i have many animals.   i reside in a complex.   i have multiple puppies.   i work for a box store.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i am a very peppy person.   i love to be with loved ones.   my parents had more than one child.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i like to sleep in.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i like classic makeup.   my ride is cherry.   i work in a snack shop.   i have spent along time in love.   i went to alabama state.   i was named something pretty common.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i have asthma.   i pay my parents rent.   i like to wash my face every day.   i wish to be a star.   i like to cosplay.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i work as a tech.   i like healthy activities.   i come from a lower class household.   i love dogs.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i own a barber shop.   my parents had many children.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i like to take care of pets.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mane is not a natural color.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i have an allergy to a flying insect.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i have 4 older siblings.   my mane is bright colored.   my foster deals in laptops.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   my mother has no job.   i am set in my ways.   my mos was working in school.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i like the tone of the sea.   i am in a relationship.   i am a software developer.   i use a brush and easel in my hobby.   my mom is an artist.   my pop makes cars.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   my mom is deceased.   i love writing stories.   i jot down my thoughts.   i like death bands.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i like to do roller sports.   i do not like going outside.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   some would compare me to fine wine.   i like to grow plants.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i like to get rid of my stress.   i write books.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   next year i will be sixteen.   i live in the south.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   i possess orthodontics.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i am a social person.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i like watching videos online.   my dad makes commercials.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   i am a you tube star.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i can remember names well.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i have a hippie personality.   i nap a lot and play music.   meat is disgusting.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i like mexican cuisine.   my mom showed me how to love life.   i have suffered a loss recently.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it.   i turn things into art.   i love jesus.   i am a good swimmer.   i prefer staying in as opposed to going to the store.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   my favorite item is a small sword.   i do computer and software work.   i keep many kittens.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i hate shelled things.   i like the sea.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   my siblings are my best friends.   i lift weights four times a week.   my only means of transportation is down.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i am a very vain person.   i am very self conscious.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i purchased a vehicle.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am studying in college.   i love my lavender t shirt.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   i am only eight years old.   i used to live out of the country.   i have a variety of interests.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i like harrison.   i love collecting actual discs.   guitar is my passion.   i like to go antique shopping.   i love to listen to beethoven.   my job is at nordstrom.   i like documentary videos.   pets appeal to me.   i get tired of commercials.   i am a huge fitness buff !.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   i like to make salads.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   i am an investor with stocks.   i am a musical person.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i like aqua tones.   i drive a suv.   making cookies is fun.   my mom was an educator.   i live in the long horn state.   i am an equestrian.   i like cool colors.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i am from the us.   i get great exercise on the rink.   my family is creative.   i am good at video games.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   my father was enlisted in the army.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i think comedy films are great.   i work in the gaming industry.   my spouse is unemployed.   i an starting my own business.   my family is athletic.   i like to learn about history.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i got bullied when i was younger.   my family was in the medical field.   i am a crafty person.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i am employed as a reporter.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i am a happy person.   i have less than four pets.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i really like sugary drinks.   i always liked making food.   i live very close to my sister.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i enjoy exercising.   my parents own a star like walmart.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i take alot of calls.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i love eating tacos.   i like to study and bake.   just call me mom.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i only buy things on the internet.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i was valedictorian.   my mom was a star on stage.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i enjoy wrestling.   i like the scot boxer.   my house is in the middle of the woods.   i deliver packages.   my house is usually not quiet.   human automation is my passion.   my bank flow is high.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   i once owned a slot machine.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i do not have any older relatives.   i have roses in my yard.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i am all about posture.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i am a pretty lazy person.   i date a lot of girls.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   both my eyes are different colors.   my parents are very interesting.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i am finally done with school.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i like group activities.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i am addicted to sweets.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i spend a.   i do not want a relationship.   i want to go to egypt some day.   i like magic creatures.   i only have a single kid.   i like to eat steak.   i like the pigskin sport.   i spend a lot of time outside.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   i have a love of reptiles.   i have a serious disease.   i like old songs.   i am under forty six.   my old man works from the couch.   female pop singers are my favorite.   i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg.   i love my parents.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i like to compete at games.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i enjoy rural drives.   i love to visit the store.   i like sci fi.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i like different reptiles.   girls call my phone all day long.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i was a college athlete.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i took flight classes.   i love taking pictures.   i have a masters degree.   i like noodles alot.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i got named something pretty common.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i prefer warm tones.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i have a sensible car.   i will not take no for an answer.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i care about appearances.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i own many firearms.   i only own trucks.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i sound like the stars.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   water is not my friend.   i love elvis.   my car is nothing fancy.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i love my siblings.   some day i will live on the strip.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   i desire to be more in life.   i like to travel to other countries.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i do not like long vehicles.   i like going to concerts.   i like the small stuff.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i love japanese cuisine.   i have a sibling living in europe.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   crimson is a hot choice.   i am a very speedy typist.   i am a speed speaker.   i love teal and turquoise.   i am obsessed with nerdy shows.   i love listening to the radio.   i love the shore.   my friends always say i am shy.   i am on the spectrum.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with.   i enjoy going to football games.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i happen to love being around others.   i am the youngest.   i have a step mom.   my husband died.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   i enjoy preparing meals.   patrick is my favorite character.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   females from other countries are pretty.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i wish i lived with someone.   i have multiple pets.   my dad is a great businessman.   i like to spin on stage.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like reading books online.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i love sports.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   i have bad luck with pets.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i find clothes restricting.   i like film but not novels.   my nickname is arnie.   i love squeezed oranges.   i love meat hoagies.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i am on bed rest.   i am fresh into the post graduate world.   my pet is my best friend.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i am into adventure sports.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   both of my sons are so cute.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i am an artistic person.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   i like small children.   i am a total social butterfly.   i always feel sick.   i work with kids.   i am controlled by other things.   my religion is catholic.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i have several baby pets.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i am studying the humanities.   my spectacles have adhesive between them.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like listening to old metal.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   i have a son and daughter.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i have graduated high school.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i used to wrestle.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i like books.   i am studying biology.   i enjoy loud music.   i live with the animals.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i like the string beats.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i am a husband and a dad.   i love kids and am a doctor.   my father was a police officer.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i do not subscribe to cable.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i like the updated computers.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   my job involves saving lives.   i am a fan of animals.   my father was in the car industry.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i love living close to the water.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have action figures.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   my dad works on cars.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i just graduated high school.   i do not eat burgers.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i like natural drinks.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i left my work to see the world.   i like cheesy foods.   i love spanish movements.   i make software.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i am in my mid twenties.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i am having kids soon.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i have returned from visiting england.   i like to see tv.   things bother me frequently.   my job entails writing.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i like naps.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   my husband passed away.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i am going to france soon.   i am a pharmacist.   i am the biggest kid.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i like mountain sports.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat different things.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   my hair is falling out.   i like to watch foreign television.   i am a septuagenarian.   i play basketball professionally.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i like the dirty birds.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i like to get tattoos.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   i am a barista.   i am also a landlord.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i beat a school contest.   i like weird foods.   i have had 5 spouses.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i passed the bar.   i participate in martial arts.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   my partner is sick.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i journal as often as i can.   i should not have as many snacks.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   i sport trendy lenses.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i go to a lot of formal events.   my ride is a huge rig.   i love eating at my residence.   i have an un curable illness.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i love instrumental songs.   i can read music.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i am almost done with university.   my folks are no longer married.   i am socially favorable.   i got straight as in school.   i got straight as.   i left school to support family.   my mom was a homemaker.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   i have a few kids.   i am a casual athlete.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i like to take in criminal books.   i work in cages.   i am missing digits.   i am interested in animals.   i enjoy taking pictures.   my favorite pets are canines.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i like to ink my skin.   i am not a cat person.   i love to show my talents.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i am emotionally unstable.   i recently left the university.   i believe in love at first sight.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   winter is my favorite season.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i love bright colors.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i live on a small farm.   i have a commercial license.   i should follow a stricter diet.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i like to absorb written materials.   i really love soda.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i work out as often as i can.   i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i am a beginner guitarist.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i like to catch animals.   i like old shows.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i enjoy using my car.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   i love going to the museum.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   my eye color is like the sky.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i like to visit new places.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i need to go shopping for new attire.   i like itches.   i like to see written words.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   mermaids are my favorite.   i have not finished my academics yet.   my favorite movie is lion king.   i have a parent who is from the soviet.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   my mom was the best teacher.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   my schooling is close to being completed.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   i am irish and love beer.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i like to hike in the summers.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i like warm colors.   i like dancers.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i am in the suburbs.   i have many family members.   i like to study.   i enjoy seafood.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i enjoy flying planes.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i download videos online.   i am in advertising.   i am allergic to dust.   my father passed away when i was a teen.   trying to pick my major is hard.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   cooking is my passion !.   i live in the lone star state.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i like to grow things.   my mom stays upstairs.   i have bad vision.   i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods.   i used to live in a different country.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i work for playstation.   i love pick ups.   i prefer american made trucks.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i want to fix a mustang.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   i do not take school too seriously.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i enjoy games on a court.   i like to go shopping.   i am in good shape.   i have several rides.   lebron is my favorite player.   i watch espn.   i study art.   i rent a studio.   i love to receive bouquets.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i like loud pitched singing.   i have not been north of the united states.   i live in a high rise.   i own a couple lizards.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i used to run track in high school.   my digits are large.   i am all skin and bones.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   i listen to classical music.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i love fall colors.   i like to sketch.   i like clear drinks.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   my eyewear is so obnoxious.   i like thunder storms.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i do not know my parents.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i like puppies.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i love music from the 60s.   i am married with triplets.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i like to watch basketball.   i like sliced pies.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i view movies online.   my locks are chestnut.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i might have an eating disorder.   i care about how others see me.   i was given a grant for sports.   i want people to think i am always happy.   my parents named me nicholas.   i hate sounds.   i like to go after seafood.   i love jalapenos.   i am really into exercise.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i enjoy mimosas.   i hate dogs.   i look for people with my same interest.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   my ride is dark.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i perform a string instrument.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i am college student in biology department.   i do not consume meat.   i have a lot of student loans.   i love spending time with my pets.   i am a fan of spending money.   soon where i live should change.   i enjoy the pool in the summer.   i like to sew things.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i have three other siblings.   outdoors is life.   i do some different things.   i have not seen germany.   i like to learn about the stars.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i like to make music.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i find moa to be interesting.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i appreciate the spanish culture.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i could have swam in the olympics.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   my generation saw the world war.   farming vegetables left.   i just got a house in europe.   i love swedish black metal.   i work in a stable.   hip hop is my favorite.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i attended a religious institution.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i like dog shows.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   i like steak.   i currently reside in missouri.   i am a player of six strings.   i like to walk in the mountains.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   my folks have good careers.   i am a business major.   i am a well educated businessman.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i express myself through writing.   i like to sell books to people.   i like things beside soda.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i have no injuries.   felines are my favorite pets.   i prefer thin crust.   i enjoy hbo originals.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i have my office in my house.   i love dressing up as characters.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   my career is in the banking industry.   my sis is a rock star.   i like films.   i work with fun things.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   i am an older sister.   i am enrolled in a design college.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i have blue eyes.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i love going through love books.   i am outside a lot.   my name is a family name.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i named my clydesdale mr ed.   in my home we have several canines.   my hands are full.   roses and daffodils are the best.   helping heal people is my profession.   i am a cubs fan.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i like to tell jokes.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   we are saying i do in the central valley.   my wedding is coming up.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i am getting married soon.   i want to live with someone.   i am an east coaster.   my career involves working to better the earth.   photography is my hobby.   i can memorize lines.   i was a child actor.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   my mom teaches kids.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i prefer the summer.   i need caffeine to exist.   i like to do court games.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i can make words rhyme.   i wish to travel to europe.   i love to ski.   i am an accomplished lyricist.   i like italian cuisine.   i love the outdoors.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i really love animals.   i visited europe in june.   i reside in a large metropolis.   i have a basic job.   i want to get in shape.   my mom teaches music.   i work with students.   i am an amateur psychologist.   i am a single parent of boys.   i have a house.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i love the sky in the evening.   i play basketball and football.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i am really in to fashion.   i have a good sense of style.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i own dogs !.   i can talk two ways.   i an a professional painter.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   i enjoy swimming.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i enjoy spicy cuisine.   i enjoy kitties.   my house is in a high altitude location.   i enjoy seeing new places.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   i am a huge serena williams fan.   my job is in healthcare.   i am not in a relationship.   i like to flip thru books.   i like lilies a lot.   i will scale a mountain.   i killed a wild beast.   i like to interact with molds.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i really like mushy foods.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i like to read historical information.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i like spices.   i like to work with kids.   i am social.   i have 7 pets.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   i sew my own shirts.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i only like certain foods.   i am easily angered.   i dropped out of school.   my father is a godly man.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i have gone across the ocean.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i have a bunch of kids.   i like to prepare meals.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i am a slow typist.   i like comic book heroes.   i prefer slacks and shirts.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am in shape.   i like learning about the past.   i work in computers.   my mom was a nurse at the hospital.   my parents were labor workers.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   milo is purring in my ear.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i mumble while asleep.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i enjoy lively music.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i have queues.   i am frequently nagged about matrimony by my sibling.   i love to remember good times.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   mystery stories are my favorite.   my family is close to each other.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i am a gymnast.   i am a zoologist.   i love canines.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i am a store guard.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i enjoy surfing.   i travel to new places.   i like to care for pets.   i would like to lose weight.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i identify as male.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i prefer beasts to humans.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i want to adopt a dog someday.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i am short.   i like fast expensive cars.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i work well when i can organize things.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i like to use coupons.   i would like to stay cold.   my life is boring.   i have odd tastes in songs.   i would like to have better penmanship.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i got my mba last year.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   abby is a wonderful person.   i am starting a new activity.   i need others in my life.   i gave up smoking.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy long road trips.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i love the shade of fire.   i like reptiles and amphibians.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i have a way with words.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i like to shake my butt.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   my parent is a body builder.   my pupils are hazel.   i love steaks.   my office is the internet.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i love music events.   i like shopping in the city.   my family assists me.   i work on my days off.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i always enjoyed science.   i love watching movies.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   my vacations have all been on land.   my partner and i love learning new hobbies.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i like to act out side of class.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i make documentaries about video games.   i just began telecommuting.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i had a tiresome job.   i am in high school.   i love pasta.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   i am a passionate person.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   my parents had six children.   i am employed in the food industry.   the sky is pretty.   i am always tired.   i have twin boys.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   i like coloring hearts !.   i like italian meals.   i am in school.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i love sad movies.   i have a small walk up in the city.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i want to work in a hospital.   i am employed as a emt.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i have bad luck with relationships.   a twin is a rare occurrence.   i have quirky hidden talents.   i am searching for a person.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i own pets.   i love catching fish.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i like snow and ice.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i make all of my purchases online.   i like wild animals.   i like veggies.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i am married and have kids.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i want a roofless car.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i like american made cars.   i stay in the northern states.   i am a sports fan.   i am very comfortable with computers.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i have three older kids in my family.   give me a snickers bar any day.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   my dad brought roses.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i write historical fiction.   i am safe.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i like canines.   i am very attentive in class.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   i love to design my own styles.   i like flashy outfits.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   my threads are light.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   i love the ponies cartoon.   animals are my favorite past time.   i prefer felines.   i like canadian sports.   i come from an artistic family.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   organic is the only way for me.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i like horse racing.   i want to have a business that i started.   i have been on television.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy many books.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i like snickers bar.   i am musician.   i work in a drug store.   i was a bad kid.   my family is everything to me.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i dig huge guys.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i only have a single sibling.   i do not have roommates.   i am distant.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i do not like to get dressed up.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   i am really smart.   i have a great wifi system.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i stand out among my surroundings.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   being a character is something i love.   i do not understand that.   i love spaghetti.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy fast food.   on the weekends i watch events.   my child is now an adult.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i like my solitude.   my grandparents were immigrants.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i am a spiritual person.   i take care of animals for my job.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i have two daughters.   i have a very strict diet.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy live productions.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i play guitar in my spare time.   i am a musician and a brain.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   i eat only salad.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i enjoy having pets.   i wish i had a siblings.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i do not like insects.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   i enjoy apples.   i like creating superheroes.   i am not a people person.   i am six feet.   seeing the world is my obsession.   i like spending my time outside.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i raise my own fruit.   i like smelly fruit.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i have a passion for literature.   there is nothing like my mother.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i like to spend time outside.   i rent a place together with my sibling.   i help homeless animals.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like the best stuff.   nirvana was one of my favorite bands.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i met my soulmate in the pool.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i am studying to be a gynecologist.   dude has big afro.   my house is by the beach.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i am in my early 20s.   i actually enjoy studying.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i have a couple of kids.   i like old things.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   my body is a canvas.   i ride bikes with my friends.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   sometimes i get angry.   i like to get my day started.   i work for a casino.   nature really refreshes me.   i buy too many clothes.   i am a private person.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i am always hungry.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   my parents are religious.   i own a record shop.   i study money at a bar.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i love to jog when the moon is out.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i am a fitness junkie.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   that mutt means the world to me.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i love natural colors.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i love those sleek italian cars.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i am very vocal about my opinions.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i believe in treating others equally.   my new work consists of law.   i was named after einstein.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   my experience is in bookkeeping.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   my mode of transportation is leased.   i love being with loved ones.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i like to grub on sushi.   i always found video games to be fun.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i am not a morning person.   i like to take pictures.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i reside near a urban area.   i birthed a boy and two girls.   i instruct children for work.   i like the hip hop series.   i am from minnesota.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i like to skate.   i try to stay fit.   my folks are very good climbers.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i love spin class.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   i like solitude.   i like bright light shades.   my mom no longer lives.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   my dad has coronary problems.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i compose small movies.   i did not have many friends in high school.   my self expression is typically through painting.   shouting is exciting.   it is difficult for me to connect to others.   i love the harry potter books.   i sip beverages all week.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i dislike tidying up.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i like looking at the sky.   education is important to me.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   my parents are famous.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i listen to music often.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i am from louisiana.   i admire people who write books.   my job is in the financial field.   i am allergic to almost everything.   i am bored in the suburbs.   i like soda.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i run the till at a couple of places.   my home is in the windy city.   i perform in competitions.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i am half a student.   my sibling was in the military.   i enjoy playing music.   i only eat plants.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   i love snow sports.   my folks like my hobby.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i save lives.   i was so timid i did not go.   i work as a doctor.   i used to participate in contests.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i live down south.   in 2 months i will be 54.   i have a lot of body mass.   i like to stay at the same place.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i love books.   my children keep me busy.   i enjoying going on the sand.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i like hot texas , mexican.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i like fast cars.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   i like to sing.   i have a sibling.   i like to work with numbers.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i attend many social events.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i dream about moving abroad someday.   i love being outside.   i enjoy club beats.   i do not do well in school.   i like to stay busy.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   my job is now at the library.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i am musically inclined.   i enjoy water sports.   i have no sons.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   my mom moved here from the middle east.   i am a smart attractive female.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i like to fix problems.   the customer is always right.   i like long weekends.   i do not block calls.   i like vegetables.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i like country music.   i like babies.   i am flashy.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am just beginning my twenties.   my house is by the water.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i do not like king sized beds.   i love snow.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i am sort of a celebrity.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i love my smartphone.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i spend time with books.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i have a little son.   i teach in elementary school.   the priest here is my dad.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i work on the books.   i love basketball.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i love books and reading.   i have sugar issues.   i have a time consuming commute.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i like to cook different foods.   i hate cats.   i travel to other places around the world.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i hope to see the world with my husband.   i used to work in education.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i am always up later than most.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i am a first generation american.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i like the colder months.   i like hoops.   i enjoy short sleeps.   i do not have brown peepers.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i enjoy aggressive bands.   older musical films are the best.   i like to garden on the weekends.   mexican is my favorite food.   my job can be described as clerical.   i just adopted a some kittens.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i swallow a lot of brews.   i love walking in the woods.   i like meat and vegetables.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love.   i drive long distances for work.   i enjoy horror novels.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i love to watch scary things.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   boy bands are the best !.   my spouse is a businessmen.   my boy is now 10.   i finished my education years ago.   i enjoy rock bands.   i am a nurse in the emergency room.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i am good at beach sports.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   my mom has too many clothes.   i am sick of most animals.   i enjoy massages.   i like to cook spaghetti.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i work with animals.   i like red berries.   i like the adult cartoons.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i love using my video camera.   being dead scared me.   i like snacks.   i only graduated from high school.   beef is my favorite food.   i can process information very quickly.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i watch cartoons still.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i like iced snacks.   i am now partnering with bloomsbury and simon shuster.   i am interested in the thoughts of others.   i share my feelings online.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i like blues and similar stuff.   i love washington state and their capital.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i enjoy manicures.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i love how scarlet looks.   i own a small dog.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am looking for a new house.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   my footwear is navy.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   i am my own person.   i push a sea colored ride.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i am a part time service worker.   i am in law school.   i am a fan of whisky.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   i am going to an island soon.   i know a lot about other places.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i like tiny pets.   my gender is female.   my mom was a british ballerina.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i will be 26 this spring.   i have three kids.   i work in an auto shop.   i am on the west coast.   i stay up.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day.   i role my scooter to school.   i like outdoors.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   home grown vegetables are better for you.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i have a house in the midwest.   i cannot stand winters.   i watch too much television.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   my passion is equality for all ,.   i cant see very well.   i like the tone of citrus.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   my partner lives with me.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   i like reading religious books.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i have a son and a daughter.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i do not like to be sad.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i love learning about new things.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i am no longer in my twenties.   i have a house in the suburbs.   i live in a rural setting.   i love country music.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports.   my mother is strong.   i read a lot of books.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i love darker hues.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i like to listen to loud music.   my family is not from the us.   i live in a southern state.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i keep track of sport stats.   i love fantasy.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i ruined my body on skis.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   my husband is forty years old.   my job is important.   this our fifth year anniversary.   i like hard music.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i dislike beauty products.   i like to get manicures.   commuting is cheap for me.   riding my huffy is my favorite.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i sneeze in dusty places.   i really love the outdoors.   i love to play ball sports.   my family likes out door adventures.   i have random things i like to do.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   it is freezing here.   i love head banging songs.   i hate red vegetables.   my bro studies old things.   i am not as young as i used to be.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i like to take strolls in nature.   i have a couple pets.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i love the classic composers.   i am into expensive cars.   my dad is indian.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes.   my mom taught in a preschool.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i like songs.   i enjoy super hero movies.   i like cutting my own jeans.   my mother raised me.   my mom is employed as a financial institution.   i love italian cuisine.   i take care of lost pets.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   i do not have any brothers or sisters.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i exercise every night.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   i have a lot of family traditions.   i like to go to sports games.   my feline is sleeping.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   italian food is my favorite !.   i am completing my studies.   i love sweets.   i have several boys and a man.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i ride around selling books.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i go to preschool.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i do not like athletics.   i have raw talent for this.   i work as a clerk.   eating is something i enjoy.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i moved into a big house.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i am employed by sam adams.   i only own a single set of footwear.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i cook my own meals.   i cannot stand clutter.   i love listening to great music.   tupac is my favorite singer.   i listen to rap music.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i am energized by social situations.   i spent my time reading.   i want to be a jetsetter.   i need to compete with other girls.   i consume organic.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i enjoy funny things.   my spouse is a federal employee.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i like dogs you can eat.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i love interacting on my console.   my commute each morning is on the train.   in the autumn i go see my sibling up north.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i am a server on the weekends.   i watch television.   i am sick.   i like sweets.   i work with lawyers.   i rock out to old tunes.   my wife and i have a small family of 5.   i am struggling to make ends meet.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i have pets.   i just became single my girl left me.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys.   i read about 3 books a week.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i am close to my family.   dessert is my favorite meal.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   i love spending time with my kids.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif.   i live along the coast.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   fish is my favorite food.   mother in phone stuff.   i work with automobiles.   i can watch tv for hours.   i wish i had a higher salary.   pasta is my favorite meal.   i reside living with my father and bro.   i do not like to change my style.   i donate my time to rescues.   i can move my body to music.   i can not spell to save my life.   i enjoy riding waves on a board.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i like to play instruments.   my movie collection is so high.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i like watching sports.   i had cows as pets growing up.   i love to shove food in my maw.   i know we are not alone in space.   i am going on strike.   i like bright colored things.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   technology is fascinating to me.   my family and i reside in a high rise.   i am very physically fit.   i like fast food.   i am small but mighty.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i can not seem to gain employment.   the outcome is good.   i am an arts and crafts person.   i am my own boss.   i hate western bands.   my facial hair is very full.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   i can not see things that are far away.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i moonlight as a banker.   i am used to being in an urban environment.   i finished school.   i like to party on the weekends.   my sibling likes to write.   i like mustard.   i used to be very athletic.   i really do not like cold winters.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i love singing.   i am looking for a husband.   i care about my looks.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   frozen treats are amongst my favorites.   i am a single mother.   i have just started school.   i like stripped animals.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i like to shake my ass.   i like to wear dresses.   i love any kind of classical music.   serena williams is my favorite athlete.   i like bright fire engines.   i am very good with numbers.   jane austen is my favorite author.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   i am studying a new language in school.   my group is going to go overseas.   i hate trying small print.   i am trying my best to get cash.   i bite my fingernails.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   i help those with needs.   i go to the water and use my boat.   he loves his job.   i learned about morals from him.   someone i know works well.   i enjoy fishing.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i love women writers.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i am socially aware.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite.   i like to look at the sky.   i like music and concerts.   i punch numbers for a living.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !.   i love steak.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one.   pasta is my favorite food.   i enjoy musicals.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i like modern folk music.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i enjoy helping animals.   i like cities.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed.   i enjoy sports.   i used to be enlisted in the army.   i have a gym membership.   i am a professional freight driver.   i stay with my folks.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   my female parent does it all on her own.   i like working with numbers.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i have just completed my education.   i love foreign animated shows.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively.   my mom is a cosmetologist.   i judge people on their looks.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i study biochemistry.   i wish to go to space.   males run in my family.   i have seen many interesting fish.   my bil is in the entertainment industry.   i know sign language.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv.   i treat sick people in a big building.   i like funny shows.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time.   i am currently staying in a midwest state.   i used to b a lawyer.   i enjoy seeing live music.   i am studying to be a writer.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
fit	 i do not really feel like i fit in.   i keep myself physically fit.   i work in physical fitness.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i am fit.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i am a huge fitness buff !.   i try to be too fit.   i like flashy outfits.   i am a fitness junkie.   i try to stay fit.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i am very physically fit. 
teach	 i teach animals for my career.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i teach sun salutations.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i teach pilates.   i studies to become a teacher.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i am a teacher.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   my mom was the best teacher.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   my mom teaches kids.   my mom teaches music.   i want to be a teacher.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i teach in elementary school.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i teach young children. 
fam	 i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i come from a large family.   my family used to live in sydney.   i am part of a modern family.   i have a family.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i am one of two boys in my family.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i am a teen that lives with all my family.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i have a large family with babies.   i live with my family.   i like to cook for my family.   i have family serving overseas.   i have an average size family.   my pet is part of my family.   i have a family business.   my family is hard working.   my family is in the medical industry.   i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   my family is large.   twins seem to run in my family.   my mom is famous.   i am in an army family.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i have a family member just starting school.   the approval of my family is important to me.   my family is religious.   my family is smart.   i am with family and practicing the guitar.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   my family is creative.   my family is athletic.   my family was in the medical field.   i do not really connect with my family.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i left school to support family.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i have many family members.   my name is a family name.   there are two other people in my family.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   my family is close to each other.   my family assists me.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i have a big family.   i have three older kids in my family.   i come from an artistic family.   my family is everything to me.   my parents are famous.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i am very family oriented.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i am a family man.   my family is not from the us.   my family likes out door adventures.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   i have a lot of family traditions.   my wife and i have a small family of 5.   i am close to my family.   my family and i reside in a high rise.   males run in my family. 
high places	 i am scared of high places.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places. 
cold	 i enjoy cold drinks.   i love it when it is cold outside.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i like cold weather.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i like cold beverages.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   i would like to stay cold.   i do not like cold weather.   i like the colder months.   i really do not like cold winters. 
stand	 i am above the standard height of a us male.   my partner totally does not understand.   i cannot stand the heat.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i live in a stand alone.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i stand out among my surroundings.   i do not understand that.   i cannot stand winters.   i cannot stand clutter. 
surfing	 i enjoy surfing the web.   i enjoy surfing. 
equestrian	 i like watching equestrian sports.   i am an equestrian.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports. 
membership	 i have a gym membership. 
bookkeeping	 my experience is in bookkeeping. 
smartphone	 i love my smartphone. 
star	 i hail from the lone star state.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i am a rock star on the strings.   i wish to be a rock star.   i just started my current position.   i currently work at starbucks.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am a star on screen.   i am starting my own business.   i really like starbucks !.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i am related to a star.   i start with a k.   i am a football star.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i have a family member just starting school.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i wish to be a star.   i am a you tube star.   i an starting my own business.   my parents own a star like walmart.   my mom was a star on stage.   i sound like the stars.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i live in the lone star state.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i like to learn about the stars.   my sis is a rock star.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i am starting a new activity.   i want to have a business that i started.   i like to get my day started.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i like mustard.   i have just started school. 
locations	 i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills. 
drive	 in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i drive a rig.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i like to drive a lot.   i drive for a living.   i work at a drive thru.   i drive a suv.   i enjoy rural drives.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i drive a pick up.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i cant wait to drive.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i drive long distances for work.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i learnt to drive.   i drive for work.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i am a professional freight driver. 
control	 i have no self control when it comes to candy.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i am controlled by other things. 
looking	 i am looking fora job.   i am looking for a job.   i am single and looking.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i am looking for a new career.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i like looking at the sky.   i am looking for a new house.   i am looking for a husband. 
boating	 i love to go boating when i have a spare moment. 
spare	 i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i love to go boating when i have a spare moment.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i play guitar in my spare time. 
pythons	 i have a couple of pythons. 
blankets	 i like to make blankets. 
rainbow	 taste the rainbow !. 
evenings	 on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun. 
cartoons	 on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i like the adult cartoons.   i watch cartoons still. 
sugar	 i do not eat sugar.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i am addicted to sugar.   i love eating sugary things.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i really like sugary drinks.   i have sugar issues. 
drug	 i work in a drug store. 
positive attitude	 i have a positive attitude. 
recognized	 i am recognized for being neat. 
serve up	 the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful. 
talkative	 i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i am very talkative. 
loved	 i have not loved.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i have alot of loved ones.   i love to be with loved ones.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i love being with loved ones.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i loved from up north.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i change loved one quick.   my dad loved being in the kitchen. 
24	 i have not seen him for 24 months.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   i have had the same employment for 24 months. 
guest	 my grandma is a guest in my home. 
teller	 i am a teller. 
thrill seeker	 i am a thrill seeker. 
accident	 i was almost killed in car accidents.   i was in an accident when i was younger. 
risk	 i love monopoly and risk.   i love me some brisket.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw. 
license	 i have a commercial license.   i wish i had a drivers license. 
permit	 i have a permit to hunt deer. 
list	 i like to listen to rock music.   i am a journalist.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i like listening to led zeppelin.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i like to listen to live music.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i love listening to piano.   i like to listen to music.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i am a bicyclist.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i am a philatelist.   i listen to hip hop.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i love to listen to beethoven.   my father was enlisted in the army.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i love listening to the radio.   i like listening to old metal.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i listen to classical music.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i listen to music often.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i like to listen to loud music.   i love listening to great music.   i listen to rap music.   i used to be enlisted in the army. 
past times	 playing a musical instrument is one of my past times. 
rap	 graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i like graphic novels.   i am a graphic designer.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   photography is my hobby.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i listen to rap music. 
girlfriends	 my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. 
alcoholic beverages	 my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. 
t o	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i like fluid from out of country.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i am above the standard height of a us male.   i am form out of country.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i am part of a modern family.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   my significant other makes me happy.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i possess a lot of patience.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i take in a lot of information.   i have a lot of ink.   i want t o travel and make things.   i have a lot of student debt.   my significant other is my best friend.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i have hit alot of attractions.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i am guilty alot of times.   i have a lot of power.   i have a lot of pets.   i lift a lot of weights.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i am rude to my significant other.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i went out for the government.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i want to win a lot of money.   i have a lot of kids.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i came out of my mother early.   i care about others.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   my job takes most of my time.   my significant other resides in venice.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i like playing out of the house.   i rely a lot on technology.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i jump out of airplanes.   my pet is part of my family.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i like the last part of the year.   i am a night owl.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i have a lot of money.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i wear a lot of hats.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i like to do it once.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i burned down part of cali.   i do not make a lot of money.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i have a lot of nervous energy.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i have a lot of siblings.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   i have alot of loved ones.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i earn a lot of money.   i eat out.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i used to live out of the country.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   my many siblings were a big part of my home life.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   i take alot of calls.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i date a lot of girls.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i go to a lot of formal events.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i do not own a car.   i am a recipient of welfare.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i have a lot of student loans.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i am a single parent of boys.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i dropped out of school.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i have foot odor.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i like to act out side of class.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i eat only salad.   i want to jump out of plane.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i wear a lot of black.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i have a lot of height on me.   i have a lot of body mass.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i am sort of a celebrity.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i swallow a lot of brews.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i know a lot about other places.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i read a lot of books.   i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i have a lot of family traditions.   i have alot of arm art.   i only own a single set of footwear.   i am happy a lot of the time.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i am not old.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have a lot of children. 
colored	 i drive a dark colored suv.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my mane is bright colored.   i push a sea colored ride.   i like bright colored things. 
suv	 i drive a dark colored suv.   i drive a suv. 
teeth	 i like my teeth.   my moms pulls teeth at work. 
tooth	 i believe in the tooth fairy.   i have a sweet tooth. 
fitness	 i work in physical fitness.   i am a huge fitness buff !.   i am a fitness junkie. 
feet	 i like the sand on my feet.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i am six feet. 
georgia	 i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands. 
iin	 i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing. 
previous	 iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. 
recruiter	 iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. 
time warner	 iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. 
squad	 i was on the pom pon squad as a teen. 
competitive dance	 i am a competitive dancer. 
east coaster	 i am an east coaster. 
blog	 i make blogs. 
social media	 i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page. 
passed away	 my pop passed away.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my husband passed away.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   my father passed away when i was a teen. 
down under	 i am going down under to see my fiance. 
lounge	 i serve at the davenport lounge. 
folks	 i have a way to call folks.   i wish my folks were here.   my folks are gingers.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   my folks split.   my folks are no longer married.   i like for folks to stare at me.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   my folks have good careers.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   my folks are very good climbers.   my folks like my hobby.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i stay with my folks. 
roses	 guns and roses is my favorite band.   i like roses.   i have roses in my yard.   roses and daffodils are the best.   my dad brought roses. 
good book	 i enjoy a good book.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals. 
public	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i am a republican.   i consider my self to be a republican. 
debt	 i have a lot of student debt.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt. 
k	 killing for sport is my hobby.   i like to get dressed up.   my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   my parents had 5 kids.   i like fairy tales.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i tell jokes on stage.   i do not know many people.   i like fluid from out of country.   i like rock music.   i have dark eyes.   i like outdoor activities.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i am an expert at making food.   i work hard.   i watch kids.   i have always liked nice cars.   i knit presents for my friends.   i like old school music.   i like scary movies.   i like suspense.   i like the sand and water.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i like bigger canines.   i like to be clean.   my vehicle is a dark color.   i loke to go shopping.   i like to listen to rock music.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i work at eureka.   i like to learn new things.   my sister has lots of kids.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   there are weeks that i work almost every single day.   i love rock music.   i enjoy a good hike.   i like to watch sports.   i check written words.   i like mob movies.   i like to stay up late.   i work at a juice business.   i like the rolling stones.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i work in the country.   i like to take pics.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i like listening to led zeppelin.   i like purples.   i like to cut hair.   i like snow sports.   i really enjoy snack foods.   my work is in leadership at safeway.   i like to visit the border.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   my dad calls me frankie.   i like to work out.   i work in a hospital.   i make pastries for my friends.   the kitchen is my domain.   i live in the sky.   i like mystery books.   my brothers wife has tanked.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i had several kittens.   i have a couple kids.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i like the act about the world.   i work many odd jobs.   i like to help out in the community.   i like trips to the ocean.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i like to try new foods.   i like animals.   i like seafood a lot.   i love books about science.   my pet keeps me company.   i like to make miniatures.   my home is on key west.   i am a skilled craftsman.   i like to buy things.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to move it to music.   i take care of people.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i like to exercise before work.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i like doing my face.   she is a caretaker.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i love reading books.   i do not like to be around people.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i love the series of books about vampires.   i have pale skin.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i like to make things with my hands.   i serve at a bar on the weekends.   i like my picture.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i love to work on my garden.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i like to raise animals.   i like children.   i like to giggle.   i find pleasure in cooking.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i am a rock star on the strings.   i like the sky.   i like to stay up.   i love my kids.   i am exhausted by work everyday.   i work on the line with machines.   i wish to be a rock star.   i like to make cookies.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i like to participate in sports.   i booked a boat for the summer.   i like to embrace my day.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i like felines more than beagles.   i like to have a beer.   i cook for a living.   i like cameras.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   i like to bake.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   i enjoy being fake.   my significant other makes me happy.   i am a lumberjack by trade.   i enjoy breakfast food.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i make responsible financial decisions.   i like the snow.   i do not like working.   i want to be like diego maradona.   my mother works at kroger.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i keep up with current events.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i like to do pages on the web.   i like the world of books.   i like to be around books.   i walk to get from here to there.   my housekeeper is dull.   i make a good living.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i like crawdads.   i love my knee highs.   i work in a restaurant.   i jam on the skins.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i have way too many kittens.   i enjoy baking.   i would never even look at meat , yet alone eat it.   i like to go to concerts.   i love bands like the beatles.   i do not like fresh greens.   i like things that are not complicated.   i like the look.   i am apart of a different work environment.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i currently work at starbucks.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   i work with numbers.   i love reading scary books.   i like large bodies of water.   i enjoy books.   i like to exercise.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i like hitting the town.   i take in a lot of information.   i like to move to the music.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i like to print my thought s.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i like tv and running outside.   i do not like people very much.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i do not know my real parents.   i work with young children.   i am looking fora job.   i like to make blankets.   i have a lot of ink.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i like television real late.   i like getting dishes.   i am a thrill seeker.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   i do not like to watch tv.   i like hip hop.   i like food.   i want t o travel and make things.   i drive a dark colored suv.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i need to be kind to others.   i like my teeth.   i keep myself physically fit.   i like the sand on my feet.   i make blogs.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have a way to call folks.   i like roses.   i enjoy a good book.   i love working with kids.   i like hot weather.   i like to read old books.   i like quality tools for work.   i like to s ee services.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i like sweet food.   i work for the government.   i like to be eccentric.   i like spicy foods.   i like catching sharks.   i like to walk through nature.   i am looking for a job.   i like making pasta.   i like to go to the ocean.   i wish my folks were here.   i like to be in charge.   i like to be outside.   i like sweets and dessert.   i like to walk pets.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i like to create.   i like driving fast and dangerously.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i take school for points.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i like bears.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like to cook for my family.   i enjoy making clothing.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i like my boo.   my mother works in healthcare.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i pick up the drinks.   i can be kind of gross.   i am skinny.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   i want to work on broadway.   i wear skirts.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i am done working ,.   i love italian cooking.   i do not like carrots.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i am just a kid.   my eye color is dark.   i like to listen to live music.   i like to ask why.   i love books so much.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i am very knowledgeable on automobiles.   i like italian cuisine best.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i have a job in a supermarket.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   i love audiobooks.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i like working where i live.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i like to lie.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   seafood is my favorite kind of food.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i like caffeinated beverages.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i like to go to the pool.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i enjoy making food.   i like girls.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i am done with books.   i want to work in tech.   i like chilling on the web.   i like older music.   i work for an advertising agency.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i like to ride from state to state.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i like the open road.   i know a lot about machinery.   i like winter sports.   i like heavy metal.   i like beats.   i love making things.   i like electronic entertainment.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i do not like vegetables.   i have been working for many years.   i like to watch tv.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i like to jam.   i like to drive a lot.   i like to watch dressage.   i like living dangerously.   i like to flip houses.   i like to read a lot.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i like graphic novels.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i love to work out.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i like the blues.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   i have a lot of kids.   i love monopoly and risk.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   certain things freak me out.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i like distance from society.   i work in the navy.   i dislike hatred.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i am heartbroken.   i am employed to work with power.   i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i like to read horror novels.   i do not like to cook.   i have zero desire to work.   i like to travel.   i really like starbucks !.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   my spouse works putting out fires.   i like seafood.   i am not afraid to speak my mind.   coke is not my favorite.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i get takeout from barbeque often.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   i am the bomb at food making.   my parent is a music shaker.   i like art and animals.   i work in a doctor office.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i work outside on taxis.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i fly around the country for work.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i cook a lot.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i try to keep active.   i love to take photos.   i like the ocean.   this is my first year at new york university.   i like the weird act.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i work in technology.   i like the pigskin.   i like to give back.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i do not like the way people see me.   i do not like being told what to do.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i work bagging food.   i ike right before night time.   my job takes most of my time.   i like to play sports.   i like to blow.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like playing x box.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i like to garden.   i like magenta.   i like the pool.   i like playing out of the house.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i do well speaking to others.   i like guitar songs.   i am like circle.   i am a sucker for romance.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i like bee juice.   i like a gorilla.   i like meeting new people.   my folks are gingers.   i work in agriculture.   i was in a bad wreck.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   i would like to be employed.   i like the tone of cash.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i like soothing images.   i like westerns.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my moms pulls teeth at work.   i am employees in the baking industry.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i like to travel to europe.   i like to cook.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   my job helpe me teach kids.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like to eat beef.   i like to work in the kitchen.   i like naruto.   i like to sketch batman.   i own books.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i like to do other things but add.   i like to gamble.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i do not like burritos.   my mom likes me to live with her.   i like to go bowling.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i had a rocky childhood.   i like to work with my hands.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i like big booms.   i work with computers.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i do not know my real mother.   i workout every day.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i like cold weather.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i love me some brisket.   iam in the sticks.   i like going fast.   my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i am a hard working individual.   my spouse fixes trucks.   i like small hairstyles.   i like bright shades and colors.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i wear a mohawk.   i like to hear hard rock.   i like the last part of the year.   i have dark features.   i do not like french fries.   i have a army of kittens.   i use a uni bike.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   my parent works to help children.   i like to go to school.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i like to listen to music.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i like working with animals.   i work at the zoo.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i like to party and not study.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i speak the letters back ways.   my family is hard working.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   my customers like to play poker.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i like to set things up.   my dad worked with the force.   i like superhero movies.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i often wear dark clothing.   i am working on a book.   i like cold beverages.   i do take out.   i like balls.   i do not drink soda.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i like bright colors.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i am broke.   i like to entertain people.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i like being with the people i know best.   i work at a salon.   my kitten has a name.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i work with young athletes.   i work in physical fitness.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i like music.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i like felines.   i go to the stable once a week.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   i enjoy reading books.   i work long days.   i like to do it once.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i am a disgruntled worker.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   walking through the mall is fun.   i start with a k.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i like to educate myself.   i no longer work.   i like sports.   i am always working out.   i like to live in an urban area.   i am single and looking.   i like to be at the lake.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i like raspberry.   my follicles look reddened.   i was a kid actor.   i make sure that i have some armament with me.   saturday night i go drinking.   i like making a salmon entree.   my kids are basically adults.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i work at walmart.   i like historical films.   i do not make a lot of money.   i have a spouse and a kid.   i work for myself.   i broke three beakers today.   i am kind of a homebody.   i like vehicles.   i like the shade of emerald.   i like being on the road.   i do not like my schooling.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i like boy bands.   i like horses.   i am always working as a mother.   i like cooking for people.   i cook for myself.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   one of the hollywood greats that i admire , i made a book.   i think what goes around comes around.   i have not been asked out before.   i work for no money.   i like to be surprised by my food.   i like to watch movies.   i get awkward around people.   i like the hue of the sky.   i like watching college sports.   my spouse is a great cook.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i like to get my way using my looks.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i like classic rock.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i like the capital of grunge.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i like loud concerts.   i own a bike.   i like to rock.   i like to be in the kitchen.   i have no kids.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i would like to have kids one day.   i work at a drive thru.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i earn decent paychecks.   i am a motivated worker.   my clan backs up.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i have a 401k.   i really like the rolling stones.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i am fond of baking desserts.   my folks split.   i like reading about the past.   i am very often eating take out.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i like the way the sky looks.   i am a total bookworm.   i love heavy rock groups.   i enjoy making things.   i like classic music.   i work out a lot.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i like to swim at the gym.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i run to keep active.   i do not like certain vegetables.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i do not like well done beef.   i am trained with knifes.   i like to be social.   i like to grub.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   i like to buy clothes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i do not like numbers.   i help take care of pets.   i like to meditate.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   my dad works in a class.   i like to eat greasy things.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   i do not like relationships.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   kittens irritate my allergies.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i have several kids.   water and the sky are pleasing to my eyes.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i like building muscle.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i have dark and unique features.   i like to read dan brown books.   i work in sales.   i like to read books.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i can not drink milk.   i work for the nba.   i like to eat jell o.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i like to play with my friends.   i work for a box store.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i do work on a computer.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i like to sleep in.   i like classic makeup.   i work in a snack shop.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i like to wash my face every day.   i like to cosplay.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i work as a tech.   i like healthy activities.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i work at an auto dealer.   i like to drink after a long day.   i like indian reading.   i like to take care of pets.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   my mos was working in school.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i like the tone of the sea.   i like going to the ocean.   my pop makes cars.   i do not like red meat.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i like fruit.   i like death bands.   i like to go to the gym.   i like my female office mate.   i like to be comfortable.   i like to do roller sports.   i do not like going outside.   i really like to learn.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i like to grow plants.   i like to get rid of my stress.   i write books.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i like watching videos online.   my dad makes commercials.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i like mexican cuisine.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   i do computer and software work.   i keep many kittens.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i like the sea.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   i lift weights four times a week.   i enjoy flying a kite.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i work at mcdonalds.   i like harrison.   i like to go antique shopping.   i like documentary videos.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   i like to make salads.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i am an investor with stocks.   i like aqua tones.   making cookies is fun.   i like cool colors.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i think comedy films are great.   i work in the gaming industry.   i like to learn about history.   i have a pet kitten.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i really like sugary drinks.   i do not like mexican food.   i always liked making food.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   my parents own a star like walmart.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i take alot of calls.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i like to study and bake.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i like the scot boxer.   i deliver packages.   my bank flow is high.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i can be kind of competetive.   i work in the tech field.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i like group activities.   i like magic creatures.   i only have a single kid.   i like to eat steak.   i like the pigskin sport.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i like old songs.   my old man works from the couch.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i like to compete at games.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i like sci fi.   i like different reptiles.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i took flight classes.   i love taking pictures.   i like noodles alot.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i will not take no for an answer.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i only own trucks.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i sound like the stars.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs.   i need to make a change.   i like to travel to other countries.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i want to talk german.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i do not like long vehicles.   i like going to concerts.   i like the small stuff.   i am a speed speaker.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i work on the generational land.   patrick is my favorite character.   i like cheddar.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i have a truck.   i like to spin on stage.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like reading books online.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i like italian food.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i have bad luck with pets.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i like film but not novels.   my nickname is arnie.   i like the boob tube.   i like to have fun.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i like the bib.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i like small children.   i always feel sick.   i work with kids.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like listening to old metal.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i like jazz.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i take care of my body.   i work out.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i like books.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i like the string beats.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i like activated on the river.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i like the updated computers.   i like my job.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i like long bread.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   my dad works on cars.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i like natural drinks.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i left my work to see the world.   i like cheesy foods.   i make software.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i am having kids soon.   i like to see tv.   i pray every day and go to church every week.   my dad makes good meat.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i like naps.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i am the biggest kid.   i like mountain sports.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   i do not like gardening.   i like to watch foreign television.   i play basketball professionally.   i like the dirty birds.   my mom and dad are education workers.   i like to get tattoos.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i like weird foods.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i work in commerce.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   my partner is sick.   i like to play xbox.   i should not have as many snacks.   my favorite bands are from south korea.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i am working on my mba.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   my folks are no longer married.   my mom was a homemaker.   i have a few kids.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i like to take in criminal books.   i work in cages.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i like to ink my skin.   i like both red and blue.   i am about to have another kid.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i bike to work each day.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i live paycheck to paycheck.   i have a crotch rocket.   i like the green act.   i like to absorb written materials.   i work out as often as i can.   i like to throw the rod.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i like to catch animals.   i like old shows.   i like exciting tv.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my eye color is like the sky.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i like to visit new places.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i like to hit the board.   i like the price before 8.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i like itches.   i like to see written words.   i like to move around.   my favorite movie is lion king.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i like to hike in the summers.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i like warm colors.   i like dancers.   i like to study.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i do not like fighting online.   cooking is my passion !.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i love to make thai food for my friends.   i like to grow things.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i like to laugh.   i work for playstation.   i love pick ups.   i drive a pick up.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i prefer american made trucks.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i work in a bakery.   i do not take school too seriously.   i do not pick the right people.   i like to go shopping.   i like loud pitched singing.   i wake up early daily.   i work in computer art animation.   i am on the lookout for a new partner.   i like living by the water.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i used to run track in high school.   i am all skin and bones.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i like to sketch.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i like clear drinks.   i like thunder storms.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i do not know my parents.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i like puppies.   i do not like blue.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i like to watch basketball.   i like sliced pies.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   my locks are chestnut.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i like bike riding.   i like to go after seafood.   i look for people with my same interest.   my ride is dark.   i can not talk well.   i like to sew things.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i work at a checkout.   i like to learn about the stars.   i like to make music.   i take my pet on walks daily.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   i like being away from the city.   i like walking on ice.   i love swedish black metal.   i work in a stable.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i like dog shows.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i devour at least 1 book a week.   i like steak.   i like to walk in the mountains.   i enjoy working with children.   my folks have good careers.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i like to sell books to people.   i like things beside soda.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   my career is in the banking industry.   my sis is a rock star.   i like films.   i work with fun things.   i like to deal in paint.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i love going through love books.   i drink local.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i like to tell jokes.   my relatives do not like my wife.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i like to ride high.   i like to act.   i like to ride a board.   my mom teaches kids.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i like to do court games.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i can make words rhyme.   i love to ski.   i like batman.   i like italian cuisine.   i am a goal keeper on the my team.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i work with students.   i love the sky in the evening.   i am looking for a new career.   i play basketball and football.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i can talk two ways.   i like climbing.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i enjoy kitties.   i like to flip thru books.   i like lilies a lot.   i killed a wild beast.   i like to interact with molds.   i really like mushy foods.   i like to read historical information.   i like spices.   i like to work with kids.   i like to climb.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i only like certain foods.   i like to relax.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i have a bunch of kids.   i like to prepare meals.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i like comic book heroes.   i prefer slacks and shirts.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i like learning about the past.   i work in computers.   my parents were labor workers.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i worked in my parents cafe.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i like to go camping.   i like to care for pets.   i would like to lose weight.   i am kind of a pet hoarder.   i like fast expensive cars.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i work well when i can organize things.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i like to use coupons.   i would like to stay cold.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i gave up smoking.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i like reptiles and amphibians.   i like to shake my butt.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i love steaks.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i have a nickname.   i like shopping in the city.   i work on my days off.   i like to act out side of class.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i make documentaries about video games.   i like hard rock.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   the sky is pretty.   i like to be organized.   i like coloring hearts !.   i like italian meals.   i have a small walk up in the city.   i want to work in a hospital.   i work in a cubicle.   i like nintendo.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i like going for a run.   i like mr happy.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i have quirky hidden talents.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i like geometry.   i enjoy the writing of jk rowling.   i like snow and ice.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i make all of my purchases online.   i am very talkative.   i like wild animals.   i work for dunder mifflin.   i like veggies.   i like to eat.   i am married and have kids.   i like american made cars.   i am on facebook way too often.   i like modern rock.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   i have three older kids in my family.   give me a snickers bar any day.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i like canines.   i like flashy outfits.   i like canadian sports.   i like horse racing.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy many books.   i like snickers bar.   i work in healthcare.   i work in a drug store.   i was a bad kid.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i like meat in a bun.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   on the weekends i watch events.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i like my solitude.   i do not like cold weather.   i want to get work up north.   i take care of animals for my job.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i like to eat people.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i do not like insects.   i am a jock.   i like creating superheroes.   i like spending my time outside.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i am a labor worker.   i like smelly fruit.   there is nothing like my mother.   i like to spend time outside.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like the best stuff.   i like body art.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i like the color lilac.   i do not like animal food.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i have a couple of kids.   i like to drink alot.   i like old things.   i ride bikes with my friends.   i like to get my day started.   i work for a casino.   i like my bird.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i do not like my job.   i am a fitness junkie.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i love those sleek italian cars.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   my new work consists of law.   my experience is in bookkeeping.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i like to grub on sushi.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i like to take pictures.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i instruct children for work.   i like the hip hop series.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i like to skate.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i have chick.   my folks are very good climbers.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i like solitude.   i like bright light shades.   i love the harry potter books.   i sip beverages all week.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i wear dark clothing.   i dislike tidying up.   i like looking at the sky.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i admire people who write books.   i like going out for dinner.   i am a hard worker.   i like soda.   i love to bake.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i am not a picky eater.   i like funk rock.   i wear a lot of black.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i have dark mane.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   my folks like my hobby.   i work as a doctor.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i like to stay at the same place.   i love books.   my children keep me busy.   my dad worked in an auto shop.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i like hot texas , mexican.   i like fast cars.   i like to sing.   i like to work with numbers.   i like big bang theory.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i like to stay busy.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i like to go to the library.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i like to fix problems.   i like long weekends.   i do not block calls.   i like vegetables.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i like country music.   i like babies.   i am a clean freak.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i do not like king sized beds.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i spend time with books.   i like lilac and pink.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i work on the books.   i love basketball.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i love books and reading.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   i like earth.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i like to cook different foods.   i used to work in education.   i like to program.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i like the colder months.   i like hoops.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i just adopted a some kittens.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i love walking in the woods.   i work with money.   i like meat and vegetables.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i drive long distances for work.   my dad drove a truck.   i work at a veterinarians office.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i enjoy rock bands.   i am expanding my knowledge.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   i like to be on the road.   i am sick of most animals.   i like to cook spaghetti.   i work with animals.   i like red berries.   i like punk rock.   i like the adult cartoons.   i like snacks.   i can process information very quickly.   i am employed at the supermarket.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i like iced snacks.   i like reading.   i like blues and similar stuff.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i love how scarlet looks.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i am looking for a new house.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i am no longer working.   i am a part time service worker.   i do not like country.   i am a fan of whisky.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i know a lot about other places.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i like tiny pets.   i have three kids.   i work in an auto shop.   i like outdoors.   i am really good in the kitchen.   i love to be at the lake.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i watch the voice evey week.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   i like the tone of citrus.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   i like reading religious books.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i like being on the water.   i do not like to be sad.   i work in tech.   i need aide walking.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i read a lot of books.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i love darker hues.   i like to walk.   i like to listen to loud music.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i keep track of sport stats.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i ruined my body on skis.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   i do not like who i am.   i like reading more than anything.   i like to be at the beach.   i like hard music.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i dislike beauty products.   i like to get manicures.   i am a neat freak.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i drive for work.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   my family likes out door adventures.   i have random things i like to do.   i like to take strolls in nature.   i like to experiment with color.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i follow nick.   i like songs.   i like cutting my own jeans.   i take care of lost pets.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i like to go to sports games.   i like the main car in the movie.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i wish to be the best at selling books.   i ride around selling books.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i do not like athletics.   i work as a clerk.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i have a young kid.   i do not drink.   i cook my own meals.   i like my room.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i bake for a living.   i like dogs you can eat.   i am a server on the weekends.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i am sick.   i like sweets.   i work with lawyers.   i rock out to old tunes.   i do not know my mother.   i am struggling to make ends meet.   i have a kid.   my pet and i go on long walks.   i work in law enforcement.   i read about 3 books a week.   i like alternative rock.   i work in billing.   i like to talk.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   i love spending time with my kids.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i like hitting the gym.   i work with automobiles.   i do not like to change my style.   i like to play instruments.   i wish to work in hollywood.   i like watching sports.   i know we are not alone in space.   i am going on strike.   i like bright colored things.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   i like fast food.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i work in an organizational setting.   my mom works in a library with books.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i moonlight as a banker.   my dad worked with money.   i like to party on the weekends.   my sibling likes to write.   i like mustard.   i really do not like cold winters.   i am looking for a husband.   i care about my looks.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   i like stripped animals.   i like to shake my ass.   i like to wear dresses.   i love any kind of classical music.   i like bright fire engines.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i change loved one quick.   someone i know works well.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   i like to hear about the world.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   i like to look at the sky.   i have a dark automobile.   i like music and concerts.   i love steak.   i like modern folk music.   i like to read.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i like anything made from italy.   i like cities.   i work in a library.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed.   i like watching the nfl.   i stay with my folks.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   i like working with numbers.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i enjoy working.   i judge people on their looks.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i like to paint.   i know sign language.   i like to play ball.   i treat sick people in a big building.   i like funny shows.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
metal	 i love art metal bands.   i like heavy metal.   i love grunge metal.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i like listening to old metal.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i love swedish black metal. 
farmer	 i am a farmer and grow my own food.   i am a farmer. 
cool	 farms have cool animals.   i am uncool.   i like cool colors.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i enjoy the cooler seasons. 
read	 i am able to read music.   i love reading books.   i joined a reading group.   i love reading scary books.   i like to read old books.   i like to read a lot.   i like to read horror novels.   i love to read.   i do not like reading scientific information.   i enjoy reading books.   i am an avid reader.   i like reading about the past.   i like to read dan brown books.   i like to read books.   i like indian reading.   i enjoy readin.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i like reading books online.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i do not eat bread.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like long bread.   i can read music.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i like to read historical information.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   my threads are light.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i love books and reading.   i like reading.   i like reading religious books.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i read in braille.   i read a lot of books.   i like reading more than anything.   i spent my time reading.   i read about 3 books a week.   my favorite hobby is reading novels.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i like to read.   i learned to read very early. 
quality tools	 i like quality tools for work. 
create	 my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i create music on instruments.   i like to create.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
philanthropy	 my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone. 
dream	 i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i daydream about being a man.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i dream about moving abroad someday. 
letter	 i speak the letters back ways.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome. 
less	 i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i am an author because i am jobless.   i am trying to eat less meat.   my older sibling blessed me.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i have less than four pets.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   i want a roofless car.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i help homeless animals.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week. 
soundtrack	 i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out. 
motivation	 i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out. 
gym	 i lift a lot at the gym.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i really need to go to the gym more.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i like to swim at the gym.   i like to go to the gym.   i am a gymnast.   i like hitting the gym.   i have a gym membership. 
government	 i work for the government.   i went out for the government.   my job is in government relations.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i am employed by the government. 
urban	 i am an urban dweller.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   i like to live in an urban area.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i reside near a urban area.   i am in an urban area.   i am in an urban are.   i am used to being in an urban environment. 
dweller	 i am an urban dweller.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook. 
eccentric	 i like to be eccentric. 
indiana university	 i am currently attend indiana university. 
catching	 catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   i like catching sharks.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i enjoy catching bass.   i love catching fish.   i adore catching the waves on my board. 
trains	 i love trains. 
graph	 graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i like graphic novels.   i am a graphic designer.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   photography is my hobby. 
law	 my mother is in law.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i am a lawyer.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i work in a lawyers firm.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   my new work consists of law.   i practice law.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i am in law school.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i used to b a lawyer. 
2 boys	 i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl. 
1 girl	 i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl. 
congregation	 i perform as a part of a congregation. 
congregation	 i perform as a part of a congregation. 
sharks	 i like catching sharks. 
walk through	 i like to walk through nature. 
hit	 i like hitting the town.   i am a fan if the great white.   i have hit alot of attractions.   i hit different conventions.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i hit the mall alot.   when i hit manhood i left home.   i like to hit the board.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i hit the water.   i like hitting the gym. 
alot	 i have hit alot of attractions.   i am guilty alot of times.   i have alot of loved ones.   i take alot of calls.   i like noodles alot.   i hit the mall alot.   i like to drink alot.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i have alot of arm art. 
attractions	 i have hit alot of attractions. 
state	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i hail from the lone star state.   i live in the state by colorado.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i like to ride from state to state.   i attended a state school.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i invested in real estate.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i went to alabama state.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i live in the long horn state.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i live in the lone star state.   i have not been north of the united states.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i stay in the northern states.   i love washington state and their capital.   i live in a southern state.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
riding	 i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i like bike riding.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   riding my huffy is my favorite.   i enjoy riding waves on a board. 
state	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i hail from the lone star state.   i live in the state by colorado.   i reside on a zoo in a awesome state.   i reside in the maple syrup state.   i like to ride from state to state.   i attended a state school.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i invested in real estate.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i went to alabama state.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i live in the long horn state.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i live in the lone star state.   i have not been north of the united states.   i used to live in upstate new york.   i stay in the northern states.   i love washington state and their capital.   i live in a southern state.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
maple syrup	 i reside in the maple syrup state. 
syrup	 i reside in the maple syrup state. 
stand up	 i stand up for animals and the planet. 
pasta	 i like making pasta.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i love pasta.   pasta is my favorite meal.   pasta is my favorite food. 
spoil	 i spoil my pet.   i spoil my pets. 
charge	 i like to be in charge.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. 
close	 my mother is the closest person to me.   i want to live closer to nature.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   my closet is full of t shirts.   i grew up close with my parents.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i live very close to my sister.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i love living close to the water.   my schooling is close to being completed.   my family is close to each other.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i am close to my family. 
weights	 i lift a lot of weights.   i lift weights four times a week. 
enlighten	 i enlighten young minds. 
young	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   i have two younger brothers.   i work with young children.   i enlighten young minds.   i am a young professional.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i educate young children.   i work with young athletes.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i am the youngest.   i am a young girl.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i am young.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i am not as young as i used to be.   i have a young kid.   i am younger than 30.   i am a young child.   i teach young children.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things. 
minds	 i enlighten young minds. 
household	 my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i come from a lower class household. 
repair	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
plumbing	 i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
tetris	 i love tetris. 
root	 i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days. 
stretching	 i enjoy stretching and exercise. 
hole	 often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i care about people and society as a whole. 
practice	 i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i practice law. 
convention	 i hit different conventions.   i like to go to conventions with other fans. 
exclusive	 i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i like baking exclusive treats. 
speaking	 i do well speaking to others.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am not great at speaking in the us. 
inflection	 although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american. 
dialects	 i am fluent in more than three dialects. 
lect	 my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i have an eclectic taste in music.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i like electronic entertainment.   i have a huge collection.   i am selective when buying vehicles.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i love collecting actual discs.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i am an elected official.   my movie collection is so high. 
german	 although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i want to talk german.   i have not seen germany.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i have a german car. 
videos	 i make a lot of home made videos.   i like watching videos online.   i like documentary videos.   i download videos online. 
mexican cuisine	 i like mexican cuisine. 
sun	 i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i enjoy the sun.   i teach sun salutations.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i live for sunshine !.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i saw the sun change with out help.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys. 
place	 my place of residence is floating on a river.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i want to get my own places.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i am scared of high places.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i have only visited places in the us.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i want to get my own place.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i am a server at a food place.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i enjoy going to other places.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i like to visit new places.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i enjoy seeing new places.   i travel to new places.   i rent a place together with my sibling.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i like to stay at the same place.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i travel to other places around the world.   i know a lot about other places.   i sneeze in dusty places.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,. 
care	 my career is that of a physical performer.   i care about animals.   i take care of people.   she is a caretaker.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i teach animals for my career.   i am scared of high places.   i care about the environment.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   my mother works in healthcare.   i care a lot about animals.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i care about others.   there are no opportunities in my career.   my career is very important to me.   my career is in a library.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am working on my internet career.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i help take care of pets.   i like to take care of pets.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i care about appearances.   i care about people.   i have a relaxing career.   i take care of my body.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i take care of my kids during the day.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i care about how others see me.   my folks have good careers.   my career is in the banking industry.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   my job is in healthcare.   i like to care for pets.   i work in healthcare.   i care about my education.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   being dead scared me.   i take care of lost pets.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i care about my looks.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i care about my health.   i care about me body. 
clue	 i have no clue who my father is. 
talk	 i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i want to talk german.   i can not talk well.   i can talk two ways.   i am very talkative.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i like to talk.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes. 
italian food	 italian food is my favorite.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i love italian food.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i like italian food.   italian food is my favorite !. 
position	 i just started my current position.   i recently relocated for a position.   my position in the organization is well respected. 
posture	 i am all about posture. 
order	 i like to visit the border.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i might have an eating disorder.   i am ordered.   i love ordering from amazon. 
teacher	 i am an elementary school teacher.   i studies to become a teacher.   i am a teacher.   my mom was the best teacher.   i want to be a teacher.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher. 
elementary school	 i am an elementary school teacher.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i teach in elementary school. 
singer	 i want to be a singer.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i love the red head british singer.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   female pop singers are my favorite.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   tupac is my favorite singer. 
names	 people call me weird names.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i can remember names well. 
crimson	 me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   crimson is a hot choice.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color. 
red	 i love to redesign houses.   my mom and dad are retired.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i am scared of high places.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i am happily retired.   i dislike hatred.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   my hair is red.   i love the red head british singer.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   my follicles look reddened.   i was raised in a very structured home.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i do not have good credit.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   my mane is bright colored.   i do not like red meat.   i have suffered a loss recently.   i get tired of commercials.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i love to draw when i am bored.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   i fractured my bone.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i like both red and blue.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   i am a retired colonel.   i am easily angered.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i am always tired.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i am ordered.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i am retired.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i am very well mannered.   i am bored in the suburbs.   i like red berries.   being dead scared me.   i push a sea colored ride.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i hate red vegetables.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i like bright colored things.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
pink	 my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i like lilac and pink. 
locks	 me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   the color of my locks in not natural.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   my locks are chestnut.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color. 
position	 i just started my current position.   i recently relocated for a position.   my position in the organization is well respected. 
west coast	 i live on the west coast.   i lived on teh west coast.   i am on the west coast. 
pick up	 i pick up the drinks.   i love pick ups.   i drive a pick up. 
truck	 my spouse fixes trucks.   i only own trucks.   i have a truck.   i prefer american made trucks.   my dad drove a truck. 
gross	 i can be kind of gross.   butter and corn is gross.   seafood is gross to me. 
zombie	 my favorite shows are about zombies.   my favorite show is about zombies.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows. 
detroit	 my favorite sports group is from detroit. 
30s	 i am a female in my 30s. 
cute	 i have a cute puppy.   both of my sons are so cute.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i own a cute puppy. 
problems	 i have some problems with pronunciation.   my dad has coronary problems.   i like to fix problems. 
break	 i enjoy breakfast food.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me. 
rash	 i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   i enjoy thrash metal. 
broadway	 i want to work on broadway.   i want to be on broadway.   i love broadway !. 
striped	 i love striped mammals. 
coast	 i live on the east coast.   i live on the west coast.   i hate going to the coast.   i lived on teh west coast.   i grew up on the east coast.   i am an east coaster.   i am on the west coast.   i live along the coast. 
shore	 i love the shore. 
wear	 i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i prefer wearing a belt.   i wear skirts.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i wear a mohawk.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i often wear dark clothing.   i wear a lot of hats.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   all i wear in camo.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   i do not like wearing shoes.   my eyewear is so obnoxious.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i wear dark clothing.   i wear a lot of black.   my footwear is navy.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i only own a single set of footwear.   i like to wear dresses. 
skirts	 i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i wear skirts. 
plank	 i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels. 
wheels	 i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
batman	 batman is my favorite hero.   i like to sketch batman.   i like batman. 
screen	 i was on the silver screen.   i need two screens.   i am a star on screen.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. 
boyfriend	 i wish i had a boyfriend.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed. 
possible	 i volunteer as much as possible.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible. 
suburbs	 i have a home in the suburbs.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   i am in the suburbs.   i am bored in the suburbs.   i have a house in the suburbs. 
girls	 i like girls.   i have many girls.   i have two girls of my own.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i date a lot of girls.   girls call my phone all day long.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i birthed a boy and two girls.   i need to compete with other girls. 
carrots	 i do not like carrots.   i grow corn , peas and carrots. 
immature	 i am immature. 
ask	 friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i like to ask why.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i have not been asked out before.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i play basketball professionally.   i like to watch basketball.   i play basketball and football.   i love basketball. 
reach	 friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i can reach things on high shelves. 
speed	 i enjoy speed.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i am a very speedy typist.   i am a speed speaker.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds. 
power	 i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i have a lot of power.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am employed to work with power.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
oil	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i spoil my pet.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   who wants to grind and toil all day ?.   i spoil my pets.   my father has a job on an oil rig. 
buddies	 i have tons of buddies.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me. 
kid	 my parents had 5 kids.   i watch kids.   my sister has lots of kids.   i have a couple kids.   i love my kids.   i see my kids pretty regularly.   i wish my kids behaved better.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i love working with kids.   i am just a kid.   i have a lot of kids.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   when i was a kid i wore eyeglasses.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i was a kid actor.   my kids are basically adults.   i have a spouse and a kid.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i have no kids.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i would like to have kids one day.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i have several kids.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   i only have a single kid.   i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid.   i work with kids.   i reside with the love of my life and our kids.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i am having kids soon.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i am the biggest kid.   i have a few kids.   i am about to have another kid.   i take care of my kids during the day.   my mom teaches kids.   i like to work with kids.   i have a bunch of kids.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i am married and have kids.   i have three older kids in my family.   i was a bad kid.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i have a couple of kids.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i have three kids.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i have a young kid.   i have a kid.   i love spending time with my kids.   i have a lot of kids and pets. 
dark	 i have dark eyes.   my vehicle is a dark color.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i drive a dark colored suv.   my eye color is dark.   i have dark features.   i often wear dark clothing.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i have dark and unique features.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   my ride is dark.   i wear dark clothing.   i have dark mane.   i love darker hues.   the stuff that grows on my had is very dark.   i have a dark automobile. 
blue eyes	 i have blue eyes. 
rural area	 i lived in a rural area as a child.   i am from a rural area. 
walking	 i go walking with my kids outside.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   walking through the mall is fun.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i like walking on ice.   i love walking in the woods.   i need aide walking.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm. 
fast food	 i enjoy breakfast food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i enjoy fast food.   i like fast food.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant. 
alarm	 i do not need to set my alarm to wake up. 
wake	 i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i wake up early daily. 
cosplay	 i enjoy cosplay.   i like to cosplay. 
home land	 i am from the home land. 
lift	 i lift a lot of weights.   i lift a lot at the gym.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   i lift weights four times a week.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit. 
supermarket	 i have a job in a supermarket.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   i am employed at the supermarket. 
run	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i am a natural brunette.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i like tv and running outside.   i enjoy going for a short run.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i almost always run into arguments.   i enjoy grunge music.   i love to run.   i run a little shop on main street.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i am a disgruntled worker.   twins seem to run in my family.   i like the capital of grunge.   i run to keep active.   i love grunge metal.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i enjoy running.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i used to run track in high school.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i like going for a run.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i hate the long run.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i run the till at a couple of places.   males run in my family. 
fixing	 my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i enjoy fixing my brew. 
audiobooks	 i love audiobooks. 
cuddling	 i love cuddling with my babies. 
dr	 i like to get dressed up.   i am very withdrawn.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i drive a rig.   i like children.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i have seen dracula.   i work with young children.   i drive a dark colored suv.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i like driving fast and dangerously.   i pick up the drinks.   my sister has children.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   i am afraid of drowning.   i like to drive a lot.   i like to watch dressage.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   my spouse and i have children.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i am not a fan of children.   i dress in a suit.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i have 2 children.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   my parent works to help children.   i was born in madrid.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i educate young children.   i do not drink soda.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i drive for a living.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   saturday night i go drinking.   i have children.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i work at a drive thru.   i do not enjoy driving.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i rent a one bedroom.   i can not drink milk.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   my children are academically gifted.   i like to drink after a long day.   my parents had many children.   i drive a suv.   i daydream about being a man.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i really like sugary drinks.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i love to draw when i am bored.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i enjoy rural drives.   i am from madrid.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   i like small children.   i like to drink beer from other places.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   my children are my life.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i like natural drinks.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   i drive a pick up.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i like clear drinks.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i enjoy working with children.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i love dressing up as characters.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i drink local.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i have a flair for the dramatic.   i dropped out of school.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   my parents had six children.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i enjoy drawing.   i dream about raising thoroughbreds.   i work in a drug store.   i cant wait to drive.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i like to drink alot.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i instruct children for work.   i have 12 children.   my children keep me busy.   i am a drummer.   i dream about moving abroad someday.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   i love children.   i have children and i am a woman.   i drive long distances for work.   my dad drove a truck.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i learnt to drive.   i drive for work.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i do not drink.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i teach young children.   i like to wear dresses.   i am a professional freight driver.   i have a lot of children.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
said	 the dr said no sitting up for me.   my boss said i needed to step up my game.   carmen said that i am the best mommy. 
sitting	 the dr said no sitting up for me.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
lit	 i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i have a disability.   my spouse is a member of the military.   i am a little crazy.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   i enjoy classic literature.   i am into virtual reality stuff.   i like quality tools for work.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i have not been lit.   my spouse was in the military for life.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   i am in the us military.   i have little facial hair.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i am willing to pay for quality.   i run a little shop on main street.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i have yappy little dogs.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   my folks split.   i am too little to grab it.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i have a hippie personality.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i love reading classic english literature.   i feel a little bit chunky.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i like my solitude.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   i have a passion for literature.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i like solitude.   my sibling was in the military.   i have a little son.   my passion is equality for all ,.   i am a little ocd about my hygiene.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility. 
studying	 in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i am studying to be an entrepreneur.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i am studying art.   i am studying chemistry.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i am studying to be a doctor.   i am studying in college.   i am studying the humanities.   i am studying biology.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i am studying to be a gynecologist.   i actually enjoy studying.   i am studying a new language in school.   i am studying to be a writer. 
introvert	 i am an introvert. 
run	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i am a natural brunette.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i like tv and running outside.   i enjoy going for a short run.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i almost always run into arguments.   i enjoy grunge music.   i love to run.   i run a little shop on main street.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i am a disgruntled worker.   twins seem to run in my family.   i like the capital of grunge.   i run to keep active.   i love grunge metal.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i enjoy running.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i used to run track in high school.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i like going for a run.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i hate the long run.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i run the till at a couple of places.   males run in my family. 
lute	 i have a gluten allergy. 
arguments	 i almost always run into arguments. 
steered	 i steered a nascar vehicle once. 
nascar	 i steered a nascar vehicle once. 
jump	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i jump out of airplanes.   i want to jump out of plane. 
plane	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i jump out of airplanes.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i fly a plane.   i enjoy flying by plane.   i enjoy flying planes.   i want to jump out of plane. 
aircraft	 a goal of mine is to operate aircraft. 
lactose intolerant	 i am lactose intolerant. 
fantastic	 i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i think i am a fantastic singer. 
midget	 i am a midget. 
beautiful girl	 i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl. 
character	 cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   patrick is my favorite character.   i love dressing up as characters.   being a character is something i love. 
june	 i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i visited europe in june. 
martial arts	 i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i participate in martial arts. 
solipsist	 i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious. 
attitude	 i have a positive attitude. 
social events	 i enjoy going out to social events.   i attend many social events. 
receive	 i am in college to receive my diploma.   i love to receive bouquets.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i recently received a promotion at my job. 
existence	 big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   my existence is a tardy one.   being a parent is a core part of my existence. 
9	 i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   i am in marriage for 96 months. 
musician	 i wish i was a musician.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i am a musician.   i am a great musician.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i am musician.   i am a musician and a brain.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember. 
screen	 i was on the silver screen.   i need two screens.   i am a star on screen.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. 
tech	 technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i want to work in tech.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i have a job in the tech field.   i work in technology.   i rely a lot on technology.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i work as a tech.   i work in the tech field.   i am a vet tech.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i work in tech.   technology is fascinating to me. 
sisters or	 i have no sisters or brothers. 
dolls	 dolls are fun to play with. 
play	 i play the violin.   i play european football.   i play football.   i am a key player in a miles davis group.   i play first shooter video games.   i play around with candies a lot.   roll playing is my favorite hobby.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i enjoy cosplay.   i play school base ball.   i love playing t.   dolls are fun to play with.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i like to play sports.   i play board games.   i like playing x box.   i like playing out of the house.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   my customers like to play poker.   i can play the piano.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i like to play with my friends.   i like to cosplay.   i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.   i nap a lot and play music.   i play on a football team.   i play basketball professionally.   i like to play xbox.   i play the guitar.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i work for playstation.   lebron is my favorite player.   i play the piano.   i am a player of six strings.   i play basketball and football.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i play guitar in my spare time.   i play the tuba.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i enjoy playing music.   i am a guitar player.   i play air guitar.   i love playing fallout 4.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i love to play ball sports.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i like to play instruments.   i like to play ball. 
drama	 i have a flair for the dramatic.   i enjoy medical drama movies. 
advertising agency	 i work for an advertising agency. 
good time	 i love my relatives and having a good time.   i love to remember good times. 
wants	 who wants to grind and toil all day ?.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to. 
difference	 i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green. 
grind	 who wants to grind and toil all day ?. 
heavy metal	 i like heavy metal.   i like to listen to heavy metal. 
apartment	 my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   my date has an apartment nearby.   i am currently renting an apartment.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on. 
lesbian	 my mom is a lesbian. 
dauber	 i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything. 
pretending	 i feel like sometimes i am just pretending. 
unmotivated	 i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. 
illness	 my mother has a terrible illness.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   i have an un curable illness.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university. 
failing	 i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. 
wealthy	 i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. 
open road	 i like the open road. 
amateur	 i am an amateur entomologist.   i am an amateur psychologist. 
government	 i work for the government.   i went out for the government.   my job is in government relations.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i am employed by the government. 
winter sports	 i like winter sports.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing. 
moscow	 i was born in moscow. 
entrepreneur	 i am studying to be an entrepreneur.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i am an entrepreneur. 
closet	 my closet is full of t shirts.   i am scared to come out of the closet. 
top	 pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my foster deals in laptops.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes. 
beats	 i like beats.   i like the string beats.   i enjoy club beats.   nothing beats the city of lights. 
one thing	 i am not particularly good at any one thing. 
graduated	 i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i just graduated finally done.   i recently graduated from college.   i have graduated high school.   i just graduated high school.   i only graduated from high school. 
justice	 i graduated with a criminal justice degree. 
degree	 i am trying to get a post college degree.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i am getting my degree at home.   i have my bachelors degree.   my child recently got her degree.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i have a masters degree.   my mom and dad have a degree in law. 
rifle	 i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer. 
shooting	 i shooting my meals.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun. 
deer	 i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i have a permit to hunt deer. 
date	 my date has an apartment nearby.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i eloped with my boyfriend that i dated when i was a senior.   i do not date.   i date a lot of girls.   i like the updated computers.   my method of transportation is dilapidated. 
sketching	 i enjoy sketching humans. 
nursing	 i live in a nursing home. 
country music	 the home of country music is where i reside.   i hate the country music.   i like country music.   i love country music. 
love nature	 i love nature. 
pride	 i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking. 
fresh produce	 i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking. 
jam	 i jam on the skins.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like to jam.   jamieson is my liquor of choice. 
dressage	 i like to watch dressage. 
equestrian sport	 i like watching equestrian sports.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports. 
movement	 i support the nba protest movement.   i love spanish movements. 
comic book heroes	 i enjoy comic book heroes.   i like comic book heroes. 
hero	 batman is my favorite hero.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i like superhero movies.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i like comic book heroes.   i like creating superheroes.   i enjoy super hero movies. 
wait	 i am a waiter.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i am a waitress.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i cant wait to drive.   i cannot wait to graduate. 
7	 i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i have 7 pets.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female. 
win	 television viewing occupies most of my time.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i like winter sports.   i want to win a lot of money.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i love growing vegetables.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i win a lot at the casino.   i hate throwing out plastic.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i enjoy growing my own food.   twins seem to run in my family.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   some would compare me to fine wine.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i enjoy beer and wine.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   winter is my favorite season.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i have twin boys.   a twin is a rare occurrence.   i enjoy drawing.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   winter is my favorite time of year.   my home is in the windy city.   i cannot stand winters.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   i had cows as pets growing up.   i really do not like cold winters.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
erotic novels	 i enjoy erotic novels. 
chef	 i am a chef at a restaurant.   i am a chef.   i am practically a chef !.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i am a chef and a painter.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef. 
listen to music	 i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i like to listen to music.   i listen to music often. 
mountain	 i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i used to live in the mountains.   i like mountain sports.   i like to walk in the mountains.   i will scale a mountain.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains. 
lazy	 sometimes i can be quite lazy.   i feel pretty lazy often.   i am a lazy person.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   i am a pretty lazy person.   i enjoy being lazy in bed.   i am so lazy at home but not at work. 
public	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i am a republican.   i consider my self to be a republican. 
ninja turtles	 i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles. 
manhattan	 i reside in manhattan. 
stock exchange	 i am employed at the stock exchange. 
exchange	 i am employed at the stock exchange. 
market	 i have a job in a supermarket.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   i love to perform but now i am employed at a market.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i am employed at the supermarket. 
piano	 i love listening to piano.   i can play the piano.   i play the piano.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i would like to teach piano when i am old. 
evidence based approach	 i use an evidence based approach to thought. 
succeed	 i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology. 
subjects	 i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology. 
algebra	 i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology. 
uncool	 i am uncool. 
cutting edge	 i stay up to date on cutting edge technology. 
particular	 i decorate my home with particular things.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i am not particularly good at any one thing. 
blues	 i like the blues.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   i like blues and similar stuff. 
romance	 i enjoy romance.   i am a sucker for romance.   i know the romance languages except spanish. 
item	 i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   my favorite item is a small sword.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i used to live in a facility for storing items. 
1800	 i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s. 
calorie	 calorie free beverages are my preference. 
preferred	 my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
hours	 buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i am employed a traditional number of hours.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week.   i can watch tv for hours. 
model of car	 i enjoy navigating a certain model of car. 
model	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   my wife is a model.   i own an older model car.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car. 
multi millionaire	 i got it and now i am a multi millionaire. 
spoke	 in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. 
fried	 fried catfish is delicious.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants. 
catfish	 fried catfish is delicious. 
delicious	 fried catfish is delicious.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals. 
racer	 i am a professional car racer. 
professional car	 i am a professional car racer. 
monopoly	 i love monopoly and risk. 
risk	 i love monopoly and risk.   i love me some brisket.   the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw. 
skills	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills. 
homeless shelter	 on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter. 
debt	 i have a lot of student debt.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt. 
loan	 i have a lot of student loans. 
ran	 i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   my dad calls me frankie.   i identify as trans.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i am a veteran.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i work in a restaurant.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   my grandma is a guest in my home.   i go to restaurants frequently.   i am a immigrant.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i am lactose intolerant.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i see paranormal activities.   my only means of transportation is down.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i care about appearances.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i love squeezed oranges.   i am going to france soon.   i am a grandmother.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i was given a grant for sports.   i rarely change my appearance.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   my grandparents were immigrants.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   my mode of transportation is leased.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i am a grandma.   i have random things i like to do.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i enjoy my job in branding. 
france	 i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i am going to france soon. 
cafe latte	 i really like cafe latte like they serve in france. 
caffeinated drink	 i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks. 
commitment	 commitment is important to me. 
3	 i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i am 30.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i am a female in my 30s.   we have 3 pets in the house , one of them is mine.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am younger than 30.   i read about 3 books a week. 
town	 i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i like hitting the town.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i reside in a tiny town.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   i can not imagine living in a small town again. 
left	 i left my small town to work in construction trades.   i just left my teens.   when i hit manhood i left home.   i left my work to see the world.   i left school to support family.   i recently left the university.   farming vegetables left.   i just became single my girl left me. 
10	 i am 15 and in the 10th grade.   my boy is now 10. 
calendar	 my marriage lasted ten calendars after. 
tough	 i had a tough childhood.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports. 
childhood	 i had a tough childhood.   i had a rough childhood.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i had a rocky childhood.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i had a difficult childhood. 
jeans	 i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i like cutting my own jeans. 
slacks	 i prefer slacks and shirts. 
shirts	 my closet is full of t shirts.   i sew my own shirts.   i prefer slacks and shirts. 
pub	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i serve food at the pub down the street.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i am self published online.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   i am a republican.   i consider my self to be a republican. 
stairs	 sarah is upstairs.   my mom stays upstairs. 
bit	 i have high ambitions for myself.   i am very ambitious.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i bite my fingernails. 
sales	 i work in sales. 
garden	 i love to work on my garden.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i like to garden.   i have my own garden.   i do not like gardening.   i have an amazing garden.   i enjoy gardening.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i have a bio garden. 
land	 i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i am from the home land.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i am originally from england.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i work on the generational land.   i have returned from visiting england.   i am also a landlord.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i own a piece of land.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   my vacations have all been on land.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i am going to an island soon.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china. 
waist	 my mane is to my waist and is chestnut. 
chestnut	 my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   my locks are chestnut. 
waitress	 i am a waitress.   i am a realtor as well as a waitress.   i am a waitress at a restaurant. 
distance	 i like distance from society.   i have a long distance relationship.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i drive long distances for work. 
hatred	 i dislike hatred. 
believe	 i believe in the tooth fairy.   i believe in a higher being.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   i do not believe in god.   i believe in love at first sight.   i believe in true love.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i believe in magic.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i believe in treating others equally. 
heartbroken	 i am heartbroken. 
park	 i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house. 
red robin	 red robin is my favorite place to eat. 
nights	 i get a full nights rest every night.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i have rehearsals three nights a week. 
rest	 i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i work in a restaurant.   i go to restaurants frequently.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i get a full nights rest every night.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i have a variety of interests.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i enjoy wrestling.   my parents are very interesting.   i find clothes restricting.   i am on bed rest.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i used to wrestle.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i am interested in animals.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i look for people with my same interest.   i find moa to be interesting.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i am interested in the thoughts of others.   i see some interesting people at my job.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
focus	 i do not focus well.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses. 
chat	 i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i enjoying chatting with people i know. 
companions	 i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions. 
strong social skills	 i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions. 
grades	 i need to study harder and get better grades.   i get good grades in school.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college. 
teh	 i lived on teh west coast.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. 
rights	 my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children. 
pair	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i have a learning impairment.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
graphic design	 i am a graphic designer. 
front	 i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   the waterfront properties intrigue me.   i like to sit in front of the tv. 
zero	 i have zero desire to work. 
desire	 i have zero desire to work.   i desire to be more in life.   i desire to be a vet as an adult. 
manage	 i am going out with my manager.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   my management role is very important to me. 
athlete	 i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i work with young athletes.   i was a college athlete.   i am a casual athlete.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i want to be a pro athlete.   serena williams is my favorite athlete. 
artist	 i want to be an artist.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   my favorite artist is a pop singer.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i am an artist.   i am artistic.   i am a freelance artist.   i am a great artist.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   my mom is an artist.   i want to be a makeup artist.   i am an artistic person.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i come from an artistic family. 
common name	 i have a female sibling with a very common name. 
came out	 i came out of my mother early. 
cast	 i am an outcast.   will you sign my cast. 
fire	 my spouse works putting out fires.   i own many firearms.   i love the shade of fire.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i like bright fire engines. 
putting out	 my spouse works putting out fires. 
europe	 i play european football.   i am going to have my wedding in europe.   i like to travel to europe.   i moved to europe.   i want to go to europe.   i have a sibling living in europe.   i just got a house in europe.   i wish to travel to europe.   i visited europe in june.   i go to europe every year. 
unemployed	 i became unemployed from the bank recently.   my spouse is unemployed.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
dance	 i enjoy dance.   i have went to school for dance.   i like dancers.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i am a competitive dancer. 
sounds	 spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   acoustic sounds so good.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i hate sounds. 
beating	 spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. 
crime	 i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations. 
map	 i reside in the maple syrup state.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. 
mario	 spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i love tomb raider and mario. 
takeout	 i get takeout from barbeque often. 
barbeque	 i get takeout from barbeque often. 
nutritious	 i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious. 
chow down	 i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious. 
grocery	 i am the person who grocery shops. 
retail	 i am working in electronics at a retail store. 
hue	 the hue i most admire is plum.   i like the hue of the sky.   i love darker hues. 
organize	 a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i work well when i can organize things.   i like to be organized. 
idea	 wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i loved the idea of building houses as a kid.   i really hate the idea of eating meat.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do. 
autumn	 in the autumn i go see my sibling up north. 
bird	 i have a pet bird.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i like the dirty birds.   i like my bird.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group. 
facial hair	 i have little facial hair.   i have a lot of facial hair.   my facial hair is very full. 
facial hair	 i have little facial hair.   i have a lot of facial hair.   my facial hair is very full. 
specific	 i have a very specific sense of style.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre. 
type	 desert is my favorite type of food.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   my favorite type of exercise is running. 
multiplayer online battle arena	 my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type. 
taxis	 i work outside on taxis. 
sweet tooth	 i have a sweet tooth. 
acdc	 acdc is my favorite band. 
clan	 i love my clan.   my clan backs up.   i have a clan. 
sports team	 i am apart of a group that shows support to sports teams. 
determined	 being a determined lady gets me far in life. 
gets	 being a determined lady gets me far in life.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. 
invested	 i invested in real estate. 
homeowner	 i am a homeowner. 
60s	 the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i love music from the 60s. 
sculpting	 i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting. 
bespectacled	 i am bespectacled. 
lens	 i sport trendy lenses. 
agility	 i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility. 
require	 i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   my job requires me to be there three days a week. 
mass	 i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i have a lot of body mass.   i enjoy massages. 
ritual	 i am a spiritual person. 
cinema	 every friday i am at regal cinema.   i love to go to the cinema.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
songs	 i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i like guitar songs.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i enjoy religion songs.   i like old songs.   i love instrumental songs.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   i have odd tastes in songs.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i love head banging songs.   i like songs. 
caffeine	 i am basically addicted to caffeine.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i need caffeine to exist. 
reality	 i am into virtual reality stuff.   i like virtual reality stuff.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable. 
program	 technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i am a programmer.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i love programming.   i like to program. 
program	 technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i am a programmer.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i love programming.   i like to program. 
name	 i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   people call me weird names.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   my kitten has a name.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i was named something pretty common.   i can remember names well.   i got named something pretty common.   my nickname is arnie.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   my parents named me nicholas.   i will have my name on a novel in the future.   my name is a family name.   i named my clydesdale mr ed.   i have a nickname.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i was named after einstein. 
crustaceans	 i love to eat crustaceans. 
washington	 i have lived in washington all my life.   i live in the capital of washington.   i love washington state and their capital. 
pigskin	 i like the pigskin.   i like the pigskin sport. 
fighting	 i used to be in the army and i did some fighting.   i do not like fighting online. 
term	 being a determined lady gets me far in life.   i am in a long term deal. 
deal	 i am in a long term deal.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i work at an auto dealer.   my foster deals in laptops.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i like to deal in paint.   everyday , i deal with pain.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day. 
give back	 i like to give back. 
low self esteem	 i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem. 
regret	 i did something i regret. 
nose	 i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   people with red noses and costumes scare me. 
bagging	 i work bagging food. 
ike	 i like to get dressed up.   i like fairy tales.   i like fluid from out of country.   i like rock music.   i like outdoor activities.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i have always liked nice cars.   i like old school music.   i like scary movies.   i like suspense.   i like the sand and water.   i like bigger canines.   i like to be clean.   i like to listen to rock music.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i like to learn new things.   i enjoy a good hike.   i like to watch sports.   i like mob movies.   i like to stay up late.   i like the rolling stones.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i like to take pics.   i like listening to led zeppelin.   i like purples.   i like to cut hair.   i like snow sports.   i like to visit the border.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i like to work out.   i like mystery books.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i like the act about the world.   i like to help out in the community.   i like trips to the ocean.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i like to try new foods.   i like animals.   i like seafood a lot.   i like to make miniatures.   i like to buy things.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i like to move it to music.   i like to exercise before work.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i like doing my face.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i do not like to be around people.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i like to make things with my hands.   i like my picture.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   i like to raise animals.   i like children.   i like to giggle.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i like the sky.   i like to stay up.   i like to make cookies.   i like to participate in sports.   i like to embrace my day.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i like felines more than beagles.   i like to have a beer.   i like cameras.   i like to bake.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i like the snow.   i do not like working.   i want to be like diego maradona.   i like to do pages on the web.   i like the world of books.   i like to be around books.   i like crawdads.   i like to go to concerts.   i love bands like the beatles.   i do not like fresh greens.   i like things that are not complicated.   i like the look.   i like large bodies of water.   i like to exercise.   i like hitting the town.   i like to move to the music.   i like to print my thought s.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i dislike my fam but love my work.   i like tv and running outside.   i do not like people very much.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i like to make blankets.   i like television real late.   i like getting dishes.   i do not like to watch tv.   i like hip hop.   i like food.   i like my teeth.   i like the sand on my feet.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i like roses.   i like hot weather.   i like to read old books.   i like quality tools for work.   i like to s ee services.   i like sweet food.   i like to be eccentric.   i like spicy foods.   i like catching sharks.   i like to walk through nature.   i like making pasta.   i like to go to the ocean.   i like to be in charge.   i like to be outside.   i like sweets and dessert.   i like to walk pets.   i like to create.   i like driving fast and dangerously.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   i like bears.   i like to cook for my family.   i like to takedown my own did dinners.   i like my boo.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i do not like carrots.   i like to listen to live music.   i like to ask why.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i like italian cuisine best.   i like virtual reality stuff.   i like working where i live.   i like to lie.   i like caffeinated beverages.   i like to go to the pool.   i like girls.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i like chilling on the web.   i like older music.   i like pepperoni and italian food.   i like to ride from state to state.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i like the open road.   i like winter sports.   i like heavy metal.   i like beats.   i like electronic entertainment.   i do not like vegetables.   i like to watch tv.   i like to jam.   i like to drive a lot.   i like to watch dressage.   i like living dangerously.   i like to flip houses.   i like to read a lot.   i like graphic novels.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i like the blues.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   i like distance from society.   i dislike hatred.   i would like to go to the gym more.   i like to read horror novels.   i do not like to cook.   i like to travel.   i really like starbucks !.   i like seafood.   i do not like reading scientific information.   i like art and animals.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i like the ocean.   i like the weird act.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i like the pigskin.   i like to give back.   i do not like the way people see me.   i do not like being told what to do.   i ike right before night time.   i like to play sports.   i like to blow.   i like playing x box.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i like to garden.   i like magenta.   i like the pool.   i like playing out of the house.   i like guitar songs.   i am like circle.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i like bee juice.   i like a gorilla.   i like meeting new people.   i would like to be employed.   i like the tone of cash.   i like soothing images.   i like westerns.   i like to travel to europe.   i like to cook.   i like to eat beef.   i like to work in the kitchen.   i like naruto.   i like to sketch batman.   i like to do other things but add.   i like to gamble.   i do not like burritos.   my mom likes me to live with her.   i like to go bowling.   i like to work with my hands.   i like big booms.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i like cold weather.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i like going fast.   i like small hairstyles.   i like bright shades and colors.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i like to hear hard rock.   i like the last part of the year.   i do not like french fries.   i use a uni bike.   i like to go to school.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i like to listen to music.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i like working with animals.   i like to party and not study.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   my customers like to play poker.   i like to get drunk and grub.   i like to set things up.   i like superhero movies.   i like cold beverages.   i like balls.   i like bright colors.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i like to entertain people.   i like being with the people i know best.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i like music.   i like felines.   i like to do it once.   i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i like to educate myself.   i like sports.   i like to live in an urban area.   i like to be at the lake.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i like raspberry.   i like making a salmon entree.   i like historical films.   i like vehicles.   i like the shade of emerald.   i like being on the road.   i do not like my schooling.   i like boy bands.   i like horses.   i like cooking for people.   i like to be surprised by my food.   i like to watch movies.   i like the hue of the sky.   i like watching college sports.   i like to get my way using my looks.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i like classic rock.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i like the capital of grunge.   i like loud concerts.   i own a bike.   i like to rock.   i like to be in the kitchen.   i would like to have kids one day.   i really like the rolling stones.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i like reading about the past.   i like the way the sky looks.   i like classic music.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i like to swim at the gym.   i do not like certain vegetables.   i do not like well done beef.   i like to be social.   i like to grub.   i like to buy clothes.   i do not like numbers.   i like to meditate.   i like to eat greasy things.   i do not like relationships.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i like building muscle.   i like to read dan brown books.   i like to read books.   i like to eat jell o.   i like to play with my friends.   i like to sleep in.   i like classic makeup.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i like to wash my face every day.   i like to cosplay.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i like healthy activities.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i like to drink after a long day.   i like indian reading.   i like to take care of pets.   i like the tone of the sea.   i like going to the ocean.   i do not like red meat.   i like fruit.   i like death bands.   i like to go to the gym.   i like my female office mate.   i like to be comfortable.   i like to do roller sports.   i do not like going outside.   i really like to learn.   i like to grow plants.   i like to get rid of my stress.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i like watching videos online.   i like mexican cuisine.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   i like the sea.   i like harrison.   i like to go antique shopping.   i like documentary videos.   i like to make salads.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i like aqua tones.   i like cool colors.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i like to learn about history.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i really like sugary drinks.   i do not like mexican food.   i always liked making food.   my parents own a star like walmart.   i like to study and bake.   i like to try new eyeliner looks.   i like the scot boxer.   i like group activities.   i like magic creatures.   i like to eat steak.   i like the pigskin sport.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   i like old songs.   i like to compete at games.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i like sci fi.   i like different reptiles.   i like noodles alot.   i sound like the stars.   i like to travel to other countries.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i do not like long vehicles.   i like going to concerts.   i like the small stuff.   i like cheddar.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i like to spin on stage.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like reading books online.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i like italian food.   i like film but not novels.   i like the boob tube.   i like to have fun.   i like the bib.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i like small children.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like listening to old metal.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i like jazz.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i like books.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i would like to return to the living as a hippo.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i like the string beats.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   i like activated on the river.   i like the updated computers.   i like my job.   i like long bread.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i like natural drinks.   i like cheesy foods.   i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i like to see tv.   i like naps.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i like mountain sports.   i do not like gardening.   i like to watch foreign television.   i like the dirty birds.   i like to get tattoos.   i like weird foods.   i like to play xbox.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i like to take in criminal books.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   i like to ink my skin.   i like both red and blue.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i bike to work each day.   i like the green act.   i like to absorb written materials.   i like to throw the rod.   i like to catch animals.   i like old shows.   i like exciting tv.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my eye color is like the sky.   i like to visit new places.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i like to hit the board.   i like the price before 8.   i like itches.   i like to see written words.   i like to move around.   i like to hike in the summers.   i like warm colors.   i like dancers.   i like to study.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i do not like fighting online.   i like to grow things.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i like to laugh.   i like to go shopping.   i like loud pitched singing.   i like living by the water.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i do not like wearing shoes.   i like to sketch.   i like clear drinks.   i like thunder storms.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i like for folks to stare at me.   i like puppies.   i do not like blue.   i like to watch basketball.   i like sliced pies.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i like bike riding.   i like to go after seafood.   i like to sew things.   i like to learn about the stars.   i like to make music.   i like being away from the city.   i like walking on ice.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i like dog shows.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i like steak.   i like to walk in the mountains.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i like to sell books to people.   i like things beside soda.   i like films.   i like to deal in paint.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i like to tell jokes.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i like to ride high.   i like to act.   i like to ride a board.   i like to do court games.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i like batman.   i like italian cuisine.   i like climbing.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i like to flip thru books.   i like lilies a lot.   i like to interact with molds.   i really like mushy foods.   i like to read historical information.   i like spices.   i like to work with kids.   i like to climb.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i only like certain foods.   i like to relax.   i like to prepare meals.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i like comic book heroes.   i like learning about the past.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i like to go camping.   i like to care for pets.   i would like to lose weight.   i like fast expensive cars.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i like to use coupons.   i would like to stay cold.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i like have things in my body.   i like reptiles and amphibians.   i like to shake my butt.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i like shopping in the city.   i like to act out side of class.   i like hard rock.   i like to be organized.   i like coloring hearts !.   i like italian meals.   i like nintendo.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i like going for a run.   i like mr happy.   i like geometry.   i like snow and ice.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i like wild animals.   i like veggies.   i like to eat.   i like american made cars.   i like modern rock.   i like canines.   i like flashy outfits.   i like canadian sports.   i like horse racing.   i dislike animal products.   i like snickers bar.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i like meat in a bun.   i like my solitude.   i do not like cold weather.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i like to eat people.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i do not like insects.   i like creating superheroes.   i like spending my time outside.   i like smelly fruit.   there is nothing like my mother.   i like to spend time outside.   i like the best stuff.   i like body art.   i like to be outside , but also to peruse books.   i like the color lilac.   i do not like animal food.   i like to drink alot.   i like old things.   i ride bikes with my friends.   i like to get my day started.   i like my bird.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i do not like my job.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   my dog looks a little like a wolf.   i like to grub on sushi.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i like to take pictures.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i like the hip hop series.   i like to skate.   i like solitude.   i like bright light shades.   i dislike tidying up.   i like looking at the sky.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i like grabbing stuff at the store.   i like going out for dinner.   i like soda.   i like funk rock.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i like to listen to terrible music.   my folks like my hobby.   i like to stay at the same place.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i like hot texas , mexican.   i like fast cars.   i like to sing.   i like to work with numbers.   i like big bang theory.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i like to stay busy.   i like to go to the library.   i like to fix problems.   i like long weekends.   i like vegetables.   i like country music.   i like babies.   i do not like king sized beds.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i like lilac and pink.   i like cool and subdued colors.   i like earth.   i like to cook different foods.   i like to program.   i like the colder months.   i like hoops.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i like meat and vegetables.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   i like to be on the road.   i like to cook spaghetti.   i like red berries.   i like punk rock.   i like the adult cartoons.   i like snacks.   i like iced snacks.   i like reading.   i like blues and similar stuff.   i do not like country.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i like tiny pets.   i like outdoors.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   i like the tone of citrus.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   i like reading religious books.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i like being on the water.   i do not like to be sad.   i like to walk.   i like to listen to loud music.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i do not like who i am.   i like reading more than anything.   i like to be at the beach.   i like hard music.   i dislike beauty products.   i like to get manicures.   my family likes out door adventures.   i have random things i like to do.   i like to take strolls in nature.   i like to experiment with color.   i like songs.   i like cutting my own jeans.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i like to go to sports games.   i like the main car in the movie.   i do not like athletics.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i like my room.   i own animals that look like llamas.   i like dogs you can eat.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i like sweets.   i like alternative rock.   i like to talk.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i like hitting the gym.   i do not like to change my style.   i like to play instruments.   i like watching sports.   i am going on strike.   i like bright colored things.   i like fast food.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i like to party on the weekends.   my sibling likes to write.   i like mustard.   i really do not like cold winters.   i like stripped animals.   i like to shake my ass.   i like to wear dresses.   i like bright fire engines.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i like to hear about the world.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   i no longer have a wife and would like to meet someone new.   i like to look at the sky.   i like music and concerts.   i like modern folk music.   i like to read.   i like anything made from italy.   i like cities.   i like watching the nfl.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   i like working with numbers.   i would like to own a pet but it takes responsibility.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i like to paint.   i like to play ball.   i like funny shows.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
right	 i love bright clothing.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i ike right before night time.   i like bright shades and colors.   i like bright colors.   i enjoy being frightened.   i have stage fright.   i excercise my right as a us citizen.   i am not doing well in school right now.   my mane is bright colored.   i love bright colors.   i do not pick the right people.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i like bright light shades.   the customer is always right.   i have bright weave.   i like bright colored things.   i like bright fire engines.   my instrument is an upright , stringed one. 
morning	 after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   omelets are what i usually have in the morning.   i am not a morning person.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   my commute each morning is on the train. 
oatmeal	 after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit. 
lay down	 after i have my morning oatmeal , i lay down again for a bit. 
blow	 i like to blow. 
soda	 i love soda.   i do not drink soda.   i really love soda.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i like things beside soda.   i like soda. 
board games	 i play board games.   i enjoy fantasy board games. 
neon colors	 i have neon colors. 
gas	 las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. 
fantasy	 i live in a fantasy world.   fantasy tv shows are my favorite.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i love fantasy. 
frequency	 i studied fractional representations of frequency in school. 
box	 i like playing x box.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i work for a box store.   i like the scot boxer.   i like to play xbox.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i own an xbox one.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
talents	 i love to show my talents.   i have quirky hidden talents. 
contestants	 reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable. 
participant	 i am a participant in the culinary arts. 
player	 i am a key player in a miles davis group.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   lebron is my favorite player.   i am a player of six strings.   i am a guitar player. 
reality tv	 reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable. 
garden	 i love to work on my garden.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i like to garden.   i have my own garden.   i do not like gardening.   i have an amazing garden.   i enjoy gardening.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i have a bio garden. 
warm colors	 i am really fond of warm colors.   i like warm colors. 
scarf	 i am making a scarf for my daughter. 
daughter	 i am making a scarf for my daughter.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i have a daughter.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   i have a son and daughter.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i have two daughters.   i have a son and a daughter. 
child	 i like children.   i work with young children.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   my sister has children.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i had a tough childhood.   i have a female child.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   my spouse and i have children.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i had a rough childhood.   i am not a fan of children.   my wife and i have more than 1 child.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i had a rocky childhood.   i have 2 children.   my parent works to help children.   my child is very smart.   i educate young children.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i have children.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   my child recently got her degree.   my child cannot see.   i have only a child.   my parents had more than one child.   my children are academically gifted.   my parents had many children.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i had a difficult childhood.   i am a child.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i like small children.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   my children are my life.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   i enjoy working with children.   i was a child actor.   my parents had six children.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   my child is now an adult.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i instruct children for work.   i have 12 children.   my children keep me busy.   i love children.   i have children and i am a woman.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i am a young child.   i teach young children.   i have a lot of children. 
guitar player	 i am a guitar player. 
carve wood	 i carve wood. 
craft	 i am a skilled craftsman.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   i love arts and crafts.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i am a crafty person.   i am crafty.   i am very crafty.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i really enjoy crafting.   i am an arts and crafts person. 
circle	 i am like circle. 
height	 i am above the standard height of a us male.   height is missing from my stature.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   i have a high height.   i have a lot of height on me. 
height	 i am above the standard height of a us male.   height is missing from my stature.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   i have a high height.   i have a lot of height on me. 
length	 i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   my lox are quite lengthy.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature. 
distances	 i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i drive long distances for work. 
missing	 height is missing from my stature.   i am missing digits. 
authentic	 i prefer things to be authentic. 
bad	 i have made some bad choices in the past.   i was in a bad wreck.   i have bad luck with pets.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i have bad vision.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i was a bad kid.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed. 
sucker	 i am a sucker for romance. 
british	 i love the red head british singer.   my mom was a british ballerina. 
red head	 i love the red head british singer. 
imagination	 i have a great imagination.   i have a great imagination !.   i have a very active imagination. 
insects	 i do not like insects.   i hate insects , but not reptiles. 
planning	 i love planning events.   i am planning ahead. 
plan	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i have grown some very large plants.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i love planning events.   i jump out of airplanes.   she is a out door planter.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am planning ahead.   i fly a plane.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i like to grow plants.   i plan on becoming a cop.   i enjoy flying by plane.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i enjoy flying planes.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i want to jump out of plane.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i only eat plants.   i enjoy having lots of plants around. 
events	 i keep up with current events.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i love planning events.   i coordinate events.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i love music events.   on the weekends i watch events.   i attend many social events.   my afternoons consist of sporting events. 
page	 i like to do pages on the web.   i am so over pageantry.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page. 
say	 people say i am a force if nature.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   my friends always say i am shy.   we are saying i do in the central valley.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. 
stripes	 i want to be a large cat with stripes. 
large cat	 i want to be a large cat with stripes. 
gingers	 my folks are gingers. 
native	 i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i like alternative rock. 
people	 i do not know many people.   a few people share my flat.   i want to help people.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i have awesome people i hang out with.   i take care of people.   i am around people all day.   i do not like to be around people.   i am distrustful of people.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   people say i am a force if nature.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i do not like people very much.   i do not get along with other people easily.   people call me weird names.   in the past , i spoke to many people every day.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i do not like the way people see me.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i help people in the medical profession.   i like meeting new people.   i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i like to entertain people.   i like being with the people i know best.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i like people of the same sex and gender as me.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   i like cooking for people.   i get awkward around people.   i hate to be a disappointment to the people i love.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i like to be on the road with the people.   i live with multiple people.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   i train people on the internet.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i care about people.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   me and the lady help people.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   people call me a ginger.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   i do not pick the right people.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i look for people with my same interest.   i like to sell books to people.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   helping heal people is my profession.   there are two other people in my family.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i am one of those people that have more than one dog.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i like to eat people.   i am not a people person.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i admire people who write books.   other people live with me.   i see some interesting people at my job.   people find me to be off.   i get anxiety around people.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i judge people on their looks.   i treat sick people in a big building. 
berliner	 i can pass myself off as a native berliner. 
comment	 everyone seems to comment on my height. 
agriculture	 i work in agriculture.   i have prior agriculture experience. 
wreck	 i was in a bad wreck. 
ship	 my work is in leadership at safeway.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i have a long distance relationship.   i do not like relationships.   i am in a relationship.   i do not want a relationship.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i am not in a relationship.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i have been in a relationship for many years.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i have a gym membership. 
vessel	 i just brought a fishing vessel. 
sausage	 sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings. 
meat product	 i prefer meat products of the cow variety. 
dress	 i like to get dressed up.   i like to watch dressage.   i dress in a suit.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i love dressing up as characters.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i like to wear dresses. 
suit	 i dress in a suit.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit. 
fractional representations	 i studied fractional representations of frequency in school. 
casino	 i win a lot at the casino.   i am addicted to the casino.   i work for a casino. 
tone	 i like the rolling stones.   i am a little bit tone deaf.   i like the tone of cash.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   i really like the rolling stones.   i like the tone of the sea.   i like aqua tones.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i prefer warm tones.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i like the tone of citrus. 
stress	 i like to get rid of my stress. 
confused	 i am confused.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am emotionally confused. 
one man	 i am dating two people , one man and one woman. 
and one	 i am dating two people , one man and one woman.   we have one preteen and one teenage child. 
trumpet	 i play the trumpet in grade time. 
multiple	 i have multiple male siblings.   i have multiple offspring.   i live with multiple people.   i have multiple puppies.   i have multiple pets.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills. 
purchase	 i purchase my canine a treat daily.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i purchased a vehicle.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i make all of my purchases online.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv. 
inches	 i am about five inches under six feet , height wise. 
six	 i am a man in my sixties.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   next year i will be sixteen.   i am under forty six.   i am a player of six strings.   my parents had six children.   i am six feet. 
wise	 i am about five inches under six feet , height wise. 
images	 i like soothing images. 
respected	 my position in the organization is well respected. 
nerdy	 i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i am obsessed with nerdy shows. 
funny	 i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i enjoy funny things.   i like funny shows. 
racket	 i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   i am very good at most racket sports. 
bat	 i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   batman is my favorite hero.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like to sketch batman.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i like batman.   i am an acrobat.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
ball	 i play european football.   i play football.   i enjoy football and other games.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i play school base ball.   i love baseball.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i like balls.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i am a football star.   i want to be a ballerina.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i enjoy going to football games.   in summer i live at the ballpark.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i play on a football team.   i play basketball professionally.   i like to watch basketball.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i love football.   i play basketball and football.   i am a ballerina.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i love basketball.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   my mom was a british ballerina.   i love to play ball sports.   i am and excellent ball thrower.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i like to play ball. 
toy	 dad gave me a toy vehicle.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys. 
participate in	 i like to participate in sports.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i participate in martial arts.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i used to participate in contests. 
moms	 my moms pulls teeth at work.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company. 
employees	 i am employees in the baking industry. 
average size	 i have an average size family. 
size	 i have an average size family.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   i do not like king sized beds. 
chevy	 my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day. 
chartreuse	 my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish. 
reeks	 my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish. 
dead fish	 my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish. 
mane	 my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   my mane is not a natural color.   my mane is bright colored.   i have dark mane. 
lie	 my father flies for delta.   in the past i was a goalie.   i believe in the tooth fairy.   i like to lie.   i believe in a higher being.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   i lie pop.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   i do not believe in god.   i believe in love at first sight.   i believe in true love.   i like lilies a lot.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i believe in magic.   i believe in everyone being treated equally.   i believe in treating others equally.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i cannot tell a lie.   my dad has strict political beliefs. 
musical	 playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   i am musical.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i am a musical person.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i am musically inclined.   older musical films are the best.   i enjoy musicals.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do. 
sunshine	 i reside in the sunshine state.   i live for sunshine !.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys. 
resting	 i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   my parents are very interesting.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i find moa to be interesting.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
difference	 i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green. 
helpe	 my job helpe me teach kids. 
old	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i like old school music.   i enjoy cold drinks.   a soldier is what i am.   i am one year older than 28.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i love it when it is cold outside.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i like to read old books.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   my dad was a proud soldier , too.   i like older music.   i own an older model car.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i am an older person.   my old man is a reporter.   i have older siblings.   i do not like being told what to do.   my four sisters are older than me.   i hate my old job.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i have been tied down in a bank hold up.   i like cold weather.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i like cold beverages.   i found some great gold studs today.   my older sibling blessed me.   i am 22 years old.   i just sold my first painting !.   when i am old enough , i am leaving home.   my mom and dad are old.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i come from a lower class household.   i have 4 older siblings.   i am only eight years old.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i do not have any older relatives.   i like old songs.   my old man works from the couch.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i like listening to old metal.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i like old shows.   i tend to prefer older style things.   my lox are golden.   i am in contact with my old lover.   i am an older sister.   i like to interact with molds.   i would like to stay cold.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i have three older kids in my family.   i do not like cold weather.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   i like old things.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i like the colder months.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   older musical films are the best.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   my husband is forty years old.   my bro studies old things.   i rock out to old tunes.   i am not old.   i really do not like cold winters.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
age	 i admire lipton beverages.   i tell jokes on stage.   i possess a death carriage.   i became an orphan at an early age.   i am going out with my manager.   i am taller than average.   i like to do pages on the web.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i am so over pageantry.   i like caffeinated beverages.   i work for an advertising agency.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i like to watch dressage.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   my father handles packages for a living.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like magenta.   i enjoy language arts.   i no longer owe any money on my mortgage.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   i like soothing images.   i have an average size family.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   my management role is very important to me.   i like cold beverages.   i love jager.   my age is forty three and i am a female.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   i tried out to be on stage.   i have stage fright.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i have road rage.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i am hopeful for marriage.   my mom was a star on stage.   i deliver packages.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i am currently on my third marriage.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i like to spin on stage.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   i am a septuagenarian.   i work in cages.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   i am in marriage for 96 months.   i am a typical teenager.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i sip beverages all week.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i enjoy massages.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am studying a new language in school.   i know sign language. 
author	 i am an author because i am jobless.   i want to be an author.   i am going to be an author.   i am an author.   i am a author.   jane austen is my favorite author. 
bucket	 seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. 
sea creatures	 i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i enjoy killing sea creatures. 
beef	 i like to eat beef.   beef is my favorite meat.   i do not like well done beef.   beef is my favorite food. 
stories	 i enjoy hearing others stories.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i love writing stories.   mystery stories are my favorite.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. 
pennsylvania	 i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania. 
virginia	 i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania. 
medical condition	 i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state. 
actress	 i want to be an actress.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress. 
naruto	 i like naruto. 
sketch	 i like to sketch batman.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i like to sketch. 
africa	 we are from africa.   one of my closest pals is from africa. 
function	 my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like. 
anger	 i like driving fast and dangerously.   i like living dangerously.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i am easily angered.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds. 
jaguar	 i get around in a jaguar.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games. 
clubs	 i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking. 
drinking	 i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   saturday night i go drinking.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee. 
hang	 i have awesome people i hang out with.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i want a big change in my life.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i need to make a change.   i go to the mall to hang out.   i love hanging out with my group.   i rarely change my appearance.   soon where i live should change.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i do not like to change my style.   i change loved one quick. 
start	 i just started my current position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am starting my own business.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i start with a k.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i have a family member just starting school.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i an starting my own business.   i like a full meal at the start of the morning.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i am starting a new activity.   i want to have a business that i started.   i like to get my day started.   i started devouring books at an early age.   i have just started school. 
apply	 i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon. 
stick	 i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   iam in the sticks.   i love fried potato sticks. 
paleo diet	 i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day. 
fridays	 i play guitar with my mates on fridays. 
planning	 i love planning events.   i am planning ahead. 
king five	 i eat at burger king five times a week. 
ideal	 my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances. 
quality	 i like quality tools for work.   i am willing to pay for quality.   my passion is equality for all ,. 
add	 i like to do other things but add.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   i am addicted to sugar.   i am addicted to the casino.   i am addicted to sweets.   i am addicted to the internet. 
lost	 i lost one of my parents a while ago.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i take care of lost pets. 
gamble	 i like to gamble. 
halloween	 i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i love halloween season. 
prawns	 prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup. 
yummy	 prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup. 
dropped	 prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i dropped out of school. 
ketchup	 prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup. 
sauce	 i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce. 
wasting time	 i love wasting time on the internet. 
snoopy	 i have a snoopy pet. 
versed	 i am not well versed in computers. 
bowling	 i like to go bowling. 
bowling	 i like to go bowling. 
tied down	 i have been tied down in a bank hold up. 
hold up	 i have been tied down in a bank hold up. 
law enforcement	 my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i work in law enforcement. 
enforcement	 my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i work in law enforcement. 
wooden	 i can make wooden rocking chairs. 
rocking chairs	 i can make wooden rocking chairs. 
rocky	 i had a rocky childhood. 
weld	 i am learning to weld. 
oven	 i love to listen to beethoven. 
square	 chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever. 
regular	 i see my kids pretty regularly.   i exercise regularly.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i need a regular trip.   i attend church regularly. 
kite	 i enjoy flying a kite. 
cage	 i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i work in cages. 
boom	 i like big booms. 
fancy	 i a fancy.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i have a fancy car.   my car is not anything too fancy.   my car is nothing fancy. 
spanish	 i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i love spanish movements.   i appreciate the spanish culture.   i know the romance languages except spanish. 
hard time	 i have a hard time seeing.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i have a hard time moving on. 
met	 i love art metal bands.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i am usually doing something online.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i like heavy metal.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i did something i regret.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   sometimes i feel depressed.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i love grunge metal.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   i was named something pretty common.   i like to listen to heavy metal.   i met a partner recently.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i am good at geometry.   i got named something pretty common.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i like listening to old metal.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i love swedish black metal.   i reside in a large metropolis.   in the next few weeks i am leaving my hometown.   my method of transportation is dilapidated.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i like geometry.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   being a character is something i love.   i met my soulmate in the pool.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   sometimes i get angry.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   eating is something i enjoy.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   my mom is a cosmetologist. 
teenager	 i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i am a typical teenager. 
teens	 i have grandkids that are preteens and adults.   i just left my teens.   i educated tweens and teens. 
gluten allergy	 i have a gluten allergy. 
important	 health is important to me.   my management role is very important to me.   my career is very important to me.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   commitment is important to me.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   the approval of my family is important to me.   education is important to me.   my job is important. 
gift	 a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   my children are academically gifted.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am. 
gift	 a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   my children are academically gifted.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am. 
gotten	 a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now. 
celebrity	 i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i am a local celebrity.   i am sort of a celebrity. 
cookie	 i like to make cookies.   making cookies is fun.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie. 
long title	 i have a long title and i am a teen. 
chasing	 cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. 
engineering	 i am an engineering student. 
15	 my daily goal is to take 15 , 000 steps.   i am 15 and in the 10th grade. 
pilates	 i teach pilates. 
fixes	 my spouse fixes trucks. 
classic	 i enjoy classic literature.   classic firms are the best.   i like classic rock.   i like classic music.   i like classic makeup.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i love reading classic english literature.   i listen to classical music.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i love the classic composers.   i love any kind of classical music. 
hairstyle	 i like small hairstyles.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks. 
mozart	 i am going to be the next mozart !.   mozart is my muse.   i enjoy mozart. 
wanted	 i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with. 
mohawk	 i wear a mohawk. 
hear	 hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i am heartbroken.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   felines are very dear to my heart.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i like to hear hard rock.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   i am going to marry my sweet heart.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   i am hard of hearing.   i can not hear.   i like coloring hearts !.   i have rehearsals three nights a week.   i like to hear about the world.   i like to hear the talk show my friend makes.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
hard rock	 i like to hear hard rock.   i like hard rock. 
family business	 i have a family business. 
shot	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. 
office	 my dad was a police officer.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i work in a doctor office.   all i do is stay at the office.   i like my female office mate.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   my father was a police officer.   i have my office in my house.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   my office is the internet.   i work at a veterinarians office. 
watching	 i enjoy watching animated films.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i love watching nfl.   i like watching college sports.   i like watching videos online.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i love watching movies.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i like watching sports.   i like watching the nfl. 
netflix	 i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix. 
bed	 i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i rent a one bedroom.   i am on bed rest.   i enjoy being lazy in bed.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i do not like king sized beds.   my job can be described as clerical.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing. 
mate	 i enjoy watching animated films.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   i am an amateur entomologist.   i play guitar with my mates on fridays.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i like my female office mate.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i like to absorb written materials.   i am an amateur psychologist.   i do not have roommates.   i met my soulmate in the pool.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i love my mate.   i love foreign animated shows. 
french frie	 i do not like french fries. 
ink	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i have a lot of ink.   i pick up the drinks.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i do not drink soda.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   saturday night i go drinking.   i think what goes around comes around.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd.   i can not drink milk.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i like to drink after a long day.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   i think comedy films are great.   i really like sugary drinks.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i work at a business that sells morning drinks.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i like natural drinks.   i like to ink my skin.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i like clear drinks.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i drink local.   i like to drink alot.   i like to drink on the weekends.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i like lilac and pink.   i do not drink. 
layer	 i am a key player in a miles davis group.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   lebron is my favorite player.   i am a player of six strings.   i am a guitar player. 
bag boy	 i am a bag boy. 
uni	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i like to help out in the community.   i did not graduate from university.   i am a student at the university.   i am in a university.   i am very active in the community.   i am currently attend indiana university.   this is my first year at new york university.   i use a uni bike.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i am a junior in high school.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i have dark and unique features.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i am almost done with university.   i recently left the university.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i have not been north of the united states.   i am unique.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i am a science major at john hopkins university. 
door	 i like outdoor activities.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i enjoy being outdoors.   she is a out door planter.   i enjoy the outdoors.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i want to bang the dude next door.   being indoors is stifling.   i get my exercise outdoors.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   outdoors is life.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i love the outdoors.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i like outdoors.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i really love the outdoors.   my family likes out door adventures.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
planter	 she is a out door planter. 
project	 i am going to make a project based on maroon 5. 
cashier	 i am a cashier in a supermarket. 
sanitation	 i am in the sanitation industry. 
intelligence test	 i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school. 
middle school	 i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school. 
gaze	 i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room. 
stare	 i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i like for folks to stare at me. 
condensing	 i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky. 
opportunities	 there are no opportunities in my career. 
4	 i have a ps4.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i have a 401k.   i have 4 older siblings.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i have had a boyfriend for 24 months.   in 2 months i will be 54.   i have had the same employment for 24 months.   i love playing fallout 4. 
son	 my mother is the closest person to me.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i have feelings for a person in my past.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am a very social person.   i am a creative person.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i am a seasoned girl.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i am a strong and helpful person.   i am an animal person.   i am a father to four sons.   i am an older person.   i am a positive person.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i am a dog person.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   i like guitar songs.   i love halloween season.   my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son.   i am a religious person.   i am personable.   i have always been a dog person.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i am a horse person.   i am a very complicated person.   with or without you is my favorite song !.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i am not a dog person.   i enjoy religion songs.   i am a lazy person.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i am a very peppy person.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i have three sons and two daughters.   i am a social person.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i have a hippie personality.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i am a very vain person.   i like harrison.   i am a musical person.   i am a crafty person.   i am a happy person.   i am a pretty lazy person.   i like old songs.   crimson is a hot choice.   my pop used to be a personal driver.   both of my sons are so cute.   i am an artistic person.   i have 3 sons and 2 daughters.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   i have a son and daughter.   i love instrumental songs.   i am not a cat person.   winter is my favorite season.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   rap and hip hop songs are my favorite.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i have odd tastes in songs.   abby is a wonderful person.   i am a passionate person.   i am searching for a person.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i am a spiritual person.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i am a naturally quiet person.   i am not a people person.   i am a private person.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i am not a morning person.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i have no sons.   i have a little son.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i am my own person.   i have a son and a daughter.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i love head banging songs.   i like songs.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i am an outgoing person who loves people.   i am an arts and crafts person.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
madrid	 i was born in madrid.   i am from madrid. 
supportive	 i am a very supportive husband.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive. 
experienced	 i am experienced with zoology.   i have not experienced much. 
zoologist	 i am a zoologist. 
forgiving	 i have a hard time forgiving myself. 
ice	 i have a high voice.   i have always liked nice cars.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i work at a juice business.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   my dad was a police officer.   my cellular device is my life line.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   i like to s ee services.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i work in a doctor office.   my significant other resides in venice.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i like bee juice.   all i do is stay at the office.   i do not have a great voice.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   my partner has a customer service job.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i like my female office mate.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   crimson is a hot choice.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   my father was a police officer.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i have a commercial license.   i like the price before 8.   i like sliced pies.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i like walking on ice.   i have my office in my house.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i like to wear nice clothes.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i like spices.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   my office is the internet.   i like snow and ice.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i have a night job in the service industry.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i practice law.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i like iced snacks.   i am a part time service worker.   i watch the voice evey week. 
consume	 i consume a poor diet.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i do not consume meat.   i consume organic. 
diet	 i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i consume a poor diet.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i am on a diet.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i have a very strict diet. 
interesting	 the rain forest is interesting to me.   my parents are very interesting.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i find moa to be interesting.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
rain forest	 the rain forest is interesting to me. 
hops	 i am the person who grocery shops.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without. 
barley	 the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without. 
sleep	 i stay asleep all night.   i have a sleep buddy.   i like to sleep in.   i like to hear about god before sleep.   studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep.   i mumble while asleep.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   my pets sleep on the same bed as me.   i enjoy short sleeps.   my feline is sleeping.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule. 
buddy	 i have a sleep buddy.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   i have a buddy who is into adult animation. 
athletes	 i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   i work with young athletes. 
customers	 my customers like to play poker. 
poker	 my customers like to play poker. 
competition	 i love a good competition.   i perform in competitions. 
little shop	 i run a little shop on main street. 
shop on main street	 i run a little shop on main street. 
sure	 i find pleasure in cooking.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i make sure i am promptly where i am supposed to be.   i make sure that i have some armament with me.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures. 
blast	 this is a blast !. 
grub	 i like to get drunk and grub.   i like to grub.   i love to grub.   i like to grub on sushi. 
major studio	 i want to create cartoons for a major studio. 
muse	 cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   mozart is my muse.   i love going to the museum. 
server	 i am a server at a food place.   i am a server on the weekends. 
greasy	 i eat greasy foods.   i like to eat greasy things. 
superhero movies	 i like superhero movies. 
self published	 i am self published online. 
quitting	 i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. 
luck	 i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i have bad luck with pets.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed. 
acceptance	 i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. 
general	 my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   vegetables in general are not my thing. 
board	 i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i play board games.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i like to hit the board.   i like to ride a board.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i enjoy riding waves on a board. 
imaginary	 i want to live in an imaginary planet. 
dude	 i want to bang the dude next door.   i am a dude.   dude has big afro. 
lectures	 i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. 
jager	 i love jager. 
decades	 i have been alive for three decades. 
decade	 i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i have been alive for three decades.   i have been live for a decade.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged. 
heir	 i love cats and their babies.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   i am heir to the throne.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   i love washington state and their capital.   i judge people on their looks. 
throne	 i am heir to the throne. 
related	 i am related to a star. 
alicia silverstone	 alicia silverstone is my favorite actress. 
broke	 i am heartbroken.   i am broke.   i broke three beakers today. 
flexibility	 i want a little more flexibility with my finances. 
flexibility	 i want a little more flexibility with my finances. 
en masse	 i enjoy string instruments en masse. 
den	 i am a current resident in the united state.   i am an engineering student.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   i identify as trans.   i love to work on my garden.   i am a student at the university.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   i am from sweden.   i have a lot of student debt.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i like to garden.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   my follicles look reddened.   i am employed from within my residence.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i have a identical sibling , jane.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i have my own garden.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i do not like gardening.   i love eating at my residence.   my lox are golden.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i am college student in biology department.   i have a lot of student loans.   i have an amazing garden.   i work with students.   i identify as male.   my golden retriever is named ginger.   i have quirky hidden talents.   i enjoy gardening.   i am half a student.   i like to garden on the weekends.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day.   i have a bio garden.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively. 
religion	 i enjoy religion songs.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   my religion is catholic. 
ideas	 creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do. 
teenage years	 my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed. 
begin	 i want to begin my own company.   i am a beginner guitarist.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   i am just beginning my twenties. 
nfl	 although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i love watching nfl.   i am a part of the nfl team in philly.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i like watching the nfl. 
fix	 my spouse runs a car fixing business.   my spouse fixes trucks.   i enjoy fixing my brew.   i want to fix a mustang.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i like to fix problems. 
plastic	 i hate throwing out plastic. 
midnight	 everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. 
salon	 i work at a salon. 
love peace and love	 i love peace and love. 
helping	 helping others is my forte.   helping heal people is my profession.   i enjoy helping animals. 
dynamic	 i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times. 
brown	 my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i like to read dan brown books.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i do not have brown peepers. 
gold	 i found some great gold studs today.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   my lox are golden.   my golden retriever is named ginger. 
studs	 i found some great gold studs today. 
today	 i found some great gold studs today.   i broke three beakers today. 
entrees	 papa johns has the best entrees. 
papa johns	 papa johns has the best entrees. 
blessed	 my older sibling blessed me. 
parking	 i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know. 
driving	 i like driving fast and dangerously.   i do not enjoy driving.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot. 
vans	 the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful. 
wonderful	 the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   abby is a wonderful person.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year. 
12	 in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i have been with this group for over 12 months.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i have 12 children.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months. 
plan	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i have grown some very large plants.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i love planning events.   i jump out of airplanes.   she is a out door planter.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am planning ahead.   i fly a plane.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i like to grow plants.   i plan on becoming a cop.   i enjoy flying by plane.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i enjoy flying planes.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i want to jump out of plane.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i only eat plants.   i enjoy having lots of plants around. 
22	 i am 22 years old. 
articles	 i am interested in government articles and novels. 
new car	 i need a new car.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i am looking for a new career. 
mixed	 i love to eat mixed fruits. 
violinist	 i am a violinist. 
ot	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   my mother is the closest person to me.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i do not know many people.   i do not eat a lot of vegetables.   i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   my sister has lots of kids.   i do not travel.   i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i support the nba protest movement.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   my brothers wife has tanked.   i have a lot of wrinkles.   i shooting my meals.   i do not eat meat nor dairy.   i just got a divorce.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i like seafood a lot.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i like to go shopping a lot.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i am not a fan of soy products.   i do not like to be around people.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i use pens to write a lot.   i cannot see very well.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i am a pilot.   i did not graduate from university.   my mother has a terrible illness.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   i do not listen to the opinions of most people.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   my parent educates others.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i am not a fan of my daily routine.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i can not be in dirt.   i will be glad when i do not have to work anymore.   my significant other makes me happy.   i go everywhere on my mini motorcycle.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i do not like working.   i am not as smart as i thought.   my mother works at kroger.   i believe in the tooth fairy.   i would rather work smarter not harder.   i possess a lot of patience.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   my mother tells fortunes.   i have two younger brothers.   i do not eat animal products.   i am on the computer a lot.   i cannot be alone at night.   i do not like fresh greens.   i like things that are not complicated.   i play european football.   i play football.   i am a polyglot.   i love bright clothing.   i play first shooter video games.   my partner totally does not understand.   i take in a lot of information.   i do not really feel like i fit in.   i cannot stand the heat.   i do not like people very much.   i do not know my real parents.   love my iphone and would not trade it for any other type of phone.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i have a lot of ink.   i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   i play around with candies a lot.   i do not eat sugar.   i have not loved.   i have not seen him for 24 months.   i do not like to watch tv.   i need to be kind to others.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i have a lot of student debt.   i like hot weather.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   my significant other is my best friend.   my mother is in law.   i have hit alot of attractions.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy football and other games.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i make a lot of home made videos.   i do not eat meat.   i do not get along with other people easily.   i enjoy making clothing.   my mother works in healthcare.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i am guilty alot of times.   i do not like carrots.   i have a lot of power.   i have a lot of pets.   i care a lot about animals.   i do not need to set my alarm to wake up.   i lift a lot of weights.   i lift a lot at the gym.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i have not been lit.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   i have totaled two cars.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i am rude to my significant other.   i have no sisters or brothers.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   i am patriotic.   i know a lot about machinery.   i do not like vegetables.   i like to drive a lot.   my parents are both employed.   i like to read a lot.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   buying new items takes up a lot of hours.   i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   i want to win a lot of money.   i have a lot of kids.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   i do not focus well.   i am not very good at love.   i do not like to cook.   i came out of my mother early.   i care about others.   i am not afraid to speak my mind.   coke is not my favorite.   i have a lot of worldly knowledge about food.   i am trying not to eat meat anymore.   i do not like reading scientific information.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i wish my hair would not fall out.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i have a sweet tooth.   i cook a lot.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i love to take photos.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i do not like the way people see me.   i do not like being told what to do.   i am not inside of a marriage.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   my significant other resides in venice.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i protect my country.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i do well speaking to others.   i am not a fan of children.   i rely a lot on technology.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i win a lot at the casino.   i like soothing images.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   my foot is small to be a woman.   i like to do other things but add.   i am not well versed in computers.   i do not like burritos.   i travel a lot.   i do not know my real mother.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate.   i do not like french fries.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i go shopping a lot.   i like to party and not study.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i do not have any siblings.   i know a lot about sport teams and athletes.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am not dating anyone.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i often wear dark clothing.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i do not drink soda.   i have a lot of money.   others dislike me , but i love everyone.   i spend a lot of time writing.   helping others is my forte.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i am not married.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i do not have a great voice.   i wear a lot of hats.   my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles.   i enjoy going to other places.   i am the mother of a boy.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i would rather not have vegetables.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i do not make a lot of money.   i do not like my schooling.   i do not eat a lot of meat.   i am always working as a mother.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i have not been asked out before.   i sense things others can not.   my father wants me to go into his business but i would prefer not to.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i just got a promotion.   not long ago i was married but no longer.   i do not enjoy driving.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i am not vey graceful.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i have a lot of nervous energy.   i am a motivated worker.   i have not held a job.   i am dotted.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i exercise a lot.   i do not fear death.   i am a total bookworm.   i am not a dog person.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i have a lot of siblings.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am a football star.   i am not tall.   i do not need glasses.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i work out a lot.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i will not go on elevators.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   my child recently got her degree.   i do not like certain vegetables.   i do not like well done beef.   pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   i like to buy clothes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i do not like numbers.   that thing is not large enough.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have alot of loved ones.   i fly a lot.   my child cannot see.   i do not like relationships.   i eat a lot.   i am emotionally confused.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i am not a fan of some vegetables.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i can not drink milk.   i earn a lot of money.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i do not date.   i do not have good credit.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mane is not a natural color.   my mother has no job.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i do not like red meat.   i have a dog with a lot of hair.   i jot down my thoughts.   i do not like going outside.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i nap a lot and play music.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i do not have any pet dogs.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i got bullied when i was younger.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i do not have a girlfriend.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i do not like mexican food.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i take alot of calls.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i like the scot boxer.   my house is usually not quiet.   i once owned a slot machine.   i do not have any older relatives.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   i date a lot of girls.   both my eyes are different colors.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i do not share my apartment with anyone else.   i do not want a relationship.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i am a patriot.   i am a mother.   i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg.   i have foot art.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i love it when it is dark out not light out.   i like noodles alot.   i got named something pretty common.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i will not take no for an answer.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs.   water is not my friend.   my car is nothing fancy.   i like to travel to other countries.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   i do not like long vehicles.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   crimson is a hot choice.   i am not very active.   i enjoy going to football games.   i have a fear of flying so i will not try.   i happen to love being around others.   i hit the mall alot.   i do not really connect with my family.   females from other countries are pretty.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i find clothes restricting.   i like film but not novels.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i do not eat bread.   both of my sons are so cute.   i am a total social butterfly.   i am controlled by other things.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i do not believe in god.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i like to do activities with others ,.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i do not subscribe to cable.   i am not a fan of italian.   i am not a vegan.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i do not eat burgers.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i do not need a curling iron.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   things bother me frequently.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i did not have a lot of money as a kid.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i do not like gardening.   i am a grandmother.   i play on a football team.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i am employed at a motel.   i should not have as many snacks.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i go to a lot of formal events.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad.   i move around the world a lot.   i got straight as in school.   i got straight as.   i like both red and blue.   i am not a cat person.   i am about to have another kid.   i am emotionally unstable.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i do not own a car.   i have a crotch rocket.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i love hot weather.   i prefer summer over all the other seasons.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   i do not really remember my dad.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i have not finished my academics yet.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i do not eat healthy.   i do not like fighting online.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i smoke a lot of weed.   i do not take school too seriously.   i do not pick the right people.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i can not hear.   i have not been north of the united states.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i do not like wearing shoes.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i do not know my parents.   i do not like blue.   i care about how others see me.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i can not talk well.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   i do not consume meat.   i have a lot of student loans.   i have three other siblings.   i have not seen germany.   i plan to school others in speaking.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i just got a house in europe.   i do not eat meat anymore.   i am disappointed with folks who did not.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i am outside a lot.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i am a proud mother.   my relatives do not like my wife.   photography is my hobby.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   there are two other people in my family.   i love football.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i play basketball and football.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i am not in a relationship.   i like lilies a lot.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i do not understand sarcasm.   my family is close to each other.   i am in another college.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i do not sleep so i see the sky.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i want to travel to another country.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i got my mba last year.   i need others in my life.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i have foot odor.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i do not have roommates.   i do not like to get dressed up.   i protect for a living.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   i do not understand that.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i do not like cold weather.   i do not like insects.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i am not a people person.   i am so lazy at home but not at work.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   there is nothing like my mother.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i do not like animal food.   i like to drink alot.   i buy too many clothes.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i do not like my job.   i believe in treating others equally.   i am not a morning person.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i am not afraid to get dirty.   i am from minnesota.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   i did not have many friends in high school.   it is difficult for me to connect to others.   i love the harry potter books.   i wear dark clothing.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i am not a picky eater.   i wear a lot of black.   i was so timid i did not go.   i have a lot of height on me.   i have a lot of body mass.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i like hot texas , mexican.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i am not good with money.   i do not do well in school.   i do not block calls.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i do not like king sized beds.   i am not comfortable with my body.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i flip thru alot of volumes.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   other people live with me.   i travel to other places around the world.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i do not have brown peepers.   i do not want to admit to my inner emo.   i swallow a lot of brews.   i move around a lot.   my mom has too many clothes.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i cannot tell a lie.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am interested in the thoughts of others.   i do not have a car.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   my footwear is navy.   i do not like country.   i know a lot about other places.   i role my scooter to school.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i cannot stand winters.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i do not like to be sad.   my mother is strong.   i read a lot of books.   i am not a parent.   my family is not from the us.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i am not friendly.   i do not like who i am.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day.   i am not as young as i used to be.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   my mother raised me.   i do not have any brothers or sisters.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i have a lot of family traditions.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i do not like athletics.   i have alot of arm art.   i only own a single set of footwear.   i am happy a lot of the time.   i do not drink.   i cannot stand clutter.   i pilot a nimble automobile.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i need to compete with other girls.   i am a mother of one.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i do not like to talk over the telephone.   i am not a woman.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i do not know my mother.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   mother in phone stuff.   i do not like to change my style.   i can not spell to save my life.   i am not into having salads or even berries.   i know we are not alone in space.   i am not old.   i can not seem to gain employment.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i can not see things that are far away.   i really do not like cold winters.   i have a lot of kids and pets.   i got a divorce.   i am a single mother.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i want to protect the environment.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i have not experienced much.   i have a lot of children. 
period	 i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like being in my car for long periods of time. 
hats	 i wear a lot of hats. 
belong	 i belong to a public gym in the city.   i belong to a country club. 
frightened	 i enjoy being frightened. 
hard rock	 i like to hear hard rock.   i like hard rock. 
ankle	 my favorite footwear is heavy duty , made of leather , and over the ankles. 
crowd	 i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd. 
protest	 i support the nba protest movement. 
stable	 i go to the stable once a week.   i am emotionally unstable.   i work in a stable. 
shelter	 on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter. 
tons	 i have tons of relatives.   i have tons of buddies.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   i have tons of money. 
trainer	 i am a physical trainer.   i want to be a dog trainer. 
fishing vessel	 i just brought a fishing vessel. 
dine	 i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i prefer to dine out. 
smooth	 i enjoy smooth and calm music. 
calm	 i enjoy smooth and calm music. 
gene	 my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   i work on the generational land.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   my generation saw the world war.   i am a first generation american. 
survivor	 i am a survivor of a terrible disease. 
carbs	 i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i eat a lot of carbs. 
pursuing	 i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california. 
brand ambassador	 i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california. 
trip	 i like trips to the ocean.   i love striped mammals.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   some day i will live on the strip.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   i am married with triplets.   i enjoy long road trips.   i need a regular trip.   i like stripped animals. 
cruise	 i could use a trip or a cruise.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. 
long days	 i work long days. 
worker	 i am a disgruntled worker.   i am a motivated worker.   my mom and dad are education workers.   my parents were labor workers.   i am a labor worker.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am a hard worker.   i am a part time service worker.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed. 
famous	 i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   my mom is famous.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   my parents are famous. 
knew	 i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science. 
aspire	 i aspire to be a professional musician.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live. 
eagle	 i like felines more than beagles.   i have a few beagles and a tabby.   i have two beagles and two bulldogs that i play with. 
brain	 i like to stay fit and grow my brain.   i am a musician and a brain.   i am interested in learning how the brain works. 
chemistry	 i am studying chemistry.   i study biochemistry. 
urban area	 i like to live in an urban area.   i reside near a urban area.   i am in an urban area. 
insecure	 i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. 
wallflower	 i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. 
relationships	 i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i do not like relationships.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i do not have romantic relationships. 
lake	 i like to be at the lake.   i love living in the state of the great lakes.   i love to be at the lake. 
brew	 i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i enjoy fixing my brew.   i swallow a lot of brews. 
thriller	 i see a thriller film every weekend.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers. 
film	 i enjoy watching animated films.   i love john hughes films.   i enjoy long films.   i want to see the new films.   i see a thriller film every weekend.   i like historical films.   i nap often during films.   i think comedy films are great.   i like films that adam sandler are in.   i like film but not novels.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am a big film buff.   i like films.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo.   older musical films are the best.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant. 
fantasize	 often we would fantasize about being powerful people. 
beautiful	 i have a beautiful wife.   i am a proud mother of a beautiful girl.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs.   i wish i was beautiful.   the sky looks beautiful to me.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color. 
belt out	 when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs. 
beautiful songs	 when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs. 
stage fright	 i have stage fright. 
raspberry	 i like raspberry. 
follicles	 my follicles look reddened. 
mimic	 i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i like to mimic crows cawing. 
cali	 i will be attending college in california.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i burned down part of cali.   i am a fan of california rolls.   i am from california.   i love living in california.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   tim went to california.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long. 
ladies	 i prefer the ladies. 
salmon	 i like making a salmon entree. 
salmon	 i like making a salmon entree. 
entree	 papa johns has the best entrees.   i like making a salmon entree. 
walmart	 i work at walmart.   my parents own a star like walmart. 
appeal	 foreign cars appeal to me.   pets appeal to me. 
7	 i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   i have 7 pets.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female. 
beaker	 i broke three beakers today. 
enjoyment	 children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with. 
homebody	 i am kind of a homebody. 
emerald	 i like the shade of emerald. 
butter	 butter and corn is gross.   i am a total social butterfly.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay. 
corn	 butter and corn is gross.   i grow corn.   i grow corn , peas and carrots. 
structured	 i was raised in a very structured home. 
enough	 when i am old enough , i am leaving home.   that thing is not large enough. 
boy band	 i like boy bands.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   boy bands are the best !. 
horse	 i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i like horses.   i am a horse person.   i like horse racing. 
nap	 i enjoy naps here and there.   i nap often during films.   i nap a lot and play music.   i like naps. 
uniforms	 i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms. 
ny jets	 i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms. 
reader	 i am an avid reader. 
sense	 i sense things others can not.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i have a good sense of style.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories. 
surprised	 i like to be surprised by my food. 
bang	 i want to bang the dude next door.   i like big bang theory.   i love head banging songs. 
next door	 i want to bang the dude next door.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
flashers	 i own flashers. 
watch movies	 i like to watch movies. 
social anxiety	 i have social anxiety. 
amazing	 i have amazing stamina.   i have an amazing garden. 
stamina	 i have amazing stamina. 
indoors	 being indoors is stifling.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently. 
punch	 i punch in every day.   i punch numbers for a living. 
travelling	 i am travelling to italy with a friend. 
disappointed	 i am disappointed with folks who did not. 
80s music	 i was into 80s music. 
seem	 everyone seems to comment on my height.   twins seem to run in my family.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i can not seem to gain employment. 
paint	 my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i just sold my first painting !.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i am going to paint my room purple.   i am learning how to paint.   i really like to look at paintings and statues.   i like to deal in paint.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i an a professional painter.   i enjoy painting.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   my self expression is typically through painting.   i am a chef and a painter.   i like to paint. 
alecia beth moore	 alecia beth moore is on while i paint. 
mix	 i love to eat mixed fruits.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i like mixing things together to my preference. 
styles	 i like small hairstyles.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i love to design my own styles. 
coordinate	 i coordinate events. 
capital	 i like the capital of grunge.   i live in the capital of washington.   i love washington state and their capital. 
scheduler	 i am an appointment scheduler. 
eight	 i am above the standard height of a us male.   i lift a lot of weights.   height is missing from my stature.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i am overweight.   i lift weights four times a week.   i am only eight years old.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   i have a high height.   i would like to lose weight.   i have a lot of height on me.   i am a professional freight driver. 
animal shelter	 i volunteer at an animal shelter. 
doctor	 i work in a doctor office.   i am a doctor.   i am studying to be a doctor.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   i work as a doctor.   i really want to be an animal doctor. 
string instrument	 i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i perform a string instrument. 
bass	 i love to catch sea bass.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i enjoy catching bass. 
swimmer	 i am a competitive swimmer.   i am a good swimmer.   i am a swimmer and started as a kid.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif. 
swimming	 on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i enjoy swimming. 
thursdays	 on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming. 
afternoons	 on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   my afternoons consist of sporting events. 
peace	 i love peace and love.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i like to feel balanced and at peace. 
promotion	 i just got a promotion.   i recently received a promotion at my job. 
power	 i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i have a lot of power.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am employed to work with power.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
power	 i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i have a lot of power.   i hope to have powers to use for good in the future.   i am employed to work with power.   often we would fantasize about being powerful people.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
timid	 i am very reserved and timid.   i was so timid i did not go. 
section	 i work in the kids section at the local library. 
put	 i enjoy computers and phones.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i am on the computer a lot.   my spouse works putting out fires.   somebody put a ring on it.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   i am not well versed in computers.   i work with computers.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i do work on a computer.   i do computer and software work.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like the updated computers.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i work in computer art animation.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i work in computers.   i would rather put my earnings in the bank.   i dislike putting on swimwear.   i am very comfortable with computers.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i really like to get into a song to see how it is put together. 
bros	 i have many bros. 
thru	 i work at a drive thru.   i like to flip thru books.   i flip thru alot of volumes. 
compact car	 i own a compact car. 
fast food	 i enjoy breakfast food.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i enjoy fast food.   i like fast food.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant. 
energy	 i have a lot of nervous energy.   i have a ton of energy. 
album	 i enjoy my albums.   my favorite album is the wall by pink floyd. 
lessons	 i took ballet lessons when i was young.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords. 
401k	 i have a 401k. 
field	 i have a job in the tech field.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   my family was in the medical field.   i work in the tech field.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   my job is in the financial field. 
xbox	 i enjoy playing xbox.   i like to play xbox.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i own an xbox one. 
console	 i love interacting on my console. 
saving	 i am saving up to go to a four year university.   my job involves saving lives. 
dotted	 i am dotted. 
barefoot	 i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible. 
pals	 one of my closest pals is from africa.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes. 
split	 my folks split. 
tons of money	 i have tons of money. 
intelligent	 i am very intelligent.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent. 
from within	 i am employed from within my residence. 
captain	 i am captain of the team. 
sailor	 i am a proud us sailor. 
explorer	 i am a solo life explorer. 
assists	 my family assists me. 
republican	 i am the opposite of a republican.   i am a republican.   i consider my self to be a republican. 
mid	 i am from the midwest.   i am a midget.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i am very reserved and timid.   i am a girl in her mid thirties.   my house is in the middle of the woods.   i am in my mid twenties.   i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i was so timid i did not go.   my mom moved here from the middle east.   i have a house in the midwest.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
imagine	 i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i can not imagine living in a small town again. 
surround	 i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i stand out among my surroundings.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i like to be surrounded by nature. 
11th grade	 i am in the 11th grade. 
classic music	 i like classic music. 
lab	 my dog is a chocolate labrador.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   i went to alabama state.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   my parents were labor workers.   i am a labor worker. 
old clothes	 i like to dress in old clothes. 
long distance relationship	 i have a long distance relationship.   i am in a long distance relationship. 
bugs	 bugs without 8 legs are fine. 
8	 i am one year older than 28.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   i was into 80s music.   bugs without 8 legs are fine.   i like the price before 8. 
legs	 bugs without 8 legs are fine.   i like lifting but not with my legs.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs. 
fine	 bugs without 8 legs are fine.   i have defined features.   some would compare me to fine wine.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine. 
c	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i am a carnivore.   my mother is the closest person to me.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i enjoy computers and phones.   i am an aspiring actor.   i like fluid from out of country.   i was on the silver screen.   i like rock music.   glasses give me a headache.   i like outdoor activities.   in my youth i could spell competitively.   i have a high voice.   music comes easy to me.   i want candy.   i watch kids.   i have always liked nice cars.   i come from a large family.   i possess a death carriage.   i like old school music.   i like scary movies.   one of my offspring is a quarterback.   i am a current resident in the united state.   i like bigger canines.   i like to be clean.   my vehicle is a dark color.   i like to listen to rock music.   my clothes are usually dark colors.   i like to celebrate with friends.   i am in nyc.   the bucks are the best team on earth.   i love rock music.   i handle cash.   i need to educate myself more.   i try to travel once a year.   i like to watch sports.   i check written words.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   my career is that of a physical performer.   i am able to read music.   i care about animals.   i am a huge fan of chocolate poodles.   i live in the state by colorado.   i adore cats.   my dad used to be employed at general electrics.   my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander.   learning is exciting to me.   i work at a juice business.   i am going to a private college.   i am done with my education.   i like mexican foods a lot.   i love pop music.   i am a big fan of pop culture.   i work in the country.   i like to take pics.   seeing the globe is on my bucket list.   my place of residence is floating on a river.   i like to cut hair.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   i live in the country.   i like to exercise both the mind and body.   my dad calls me frankie.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i am continuing my education.   i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   i ride the waves every chance i get.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   the kitchen is my domain.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i love to catch sea bass.   i am a mechanic.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   my mom ad dad worked in a school.   i have a couple kids.   i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i love science fiction.   i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks.   i like the act about the world.   i am a railway conductor.   i like to help out in the community.   i like trips to the ocean.   i am employed at a huge medical facility.   i just got a divorce.   i attend night classes.   we have relocated a ton.   i complete school this year.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i am form out of country.   i wish to join education.   i am an american.   i am trying to get a post college degree.   my favorite subject is psychology.   i want to get my own places.   hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears.   i am huge and colorful.   i love books about science.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.   i cannot eat certain foods due to flatulence.   i enjoy pop music.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i became an orphan at an early age.   my pet keeps me company.   i am a skilled craftsman.   dancing is fun to me.   i love mexican food.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i want my work to be impactful.   i like to move it to music.   in the future i want to drive a large vehicle.   i take care of people.   i love foreign vehicles.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i like to exercise before work.   i like doing my face.   i named my vehicle pig since it is that color.   you can find me on the internet.   i am not a fan of soy products.   she is a caretaker.   i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i cannot see very well.   i am bound to a wheelchair.   i curate art.   i could never be a vegetarian.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i had a medical emergency.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   my dad was a police officer.   i enjoy being creative.   i like my picture.   i call the ghetto home.   my neighborhood can get loud late.   i cok a lot of italian dishes.   my significant other is involved in space flight.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i am a shopaholic.   we had 5 felines but one had to go since it hated both of our mutts.   i like my vehicles to have some horsepower , especially my cars.   i like hardcore music.   i enjoy watching animated films.   my mother is a pro cleaner.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   people say i am a force if nature.   i like children.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i find pleasure in cooking.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i have been in the country all my life.   i am a rock star on the strings.   my parent educates others.   i am still in school.   i am a little crazy.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i went to medical school.   i work on the line with machines.   i wish to be a rock star.   i like to make cookies.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i like to participate in sports.   i want to live closer to nature.   i am an outcast.   my babies love catnip and cat grass.   i like to embrace my day.   i like to listen to redneck singing.   i work at a place that cleans cars and i am not a fan.   i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   i used to interact in sports in my older teen years.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i push a super car.   i studied english in college.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i collect a lot of sports memorabilia.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i can not be in dirt.   my cellular device is my life line.   i cook for a living.   i like cameras.   i am currently in college.   i hope i get to go skydiving while i still can.   my significant other makes me happy.   i am a lumberjack by trade.   i cut down trees.   i go everywhere on my mini motorcycle.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like to test my voice while i clean off.   i make responsible financial decisions.   i wish i were more creative.   i am very creative.   i am better at listening than discussing.   i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i love eating chips and cheese.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i keep up with current events.   i hope one day i will be good at stocks.   i possess a lot of patience.   i cannot go to a lot of places because of my seizures.   my dog is a chocolate labrador.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i have a long commute.   i enjoy classic literature.   rich treats after a meal are one of my downfalls.   i have seen dracula.   i like crawdads.   i am a very social person.   i prefer meat products of the cow variety.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i do not eat animal products.   i am an artist , i work with watercolors.   i was on a rower and saw many places.   i am on the computer a lot.   i like to go to concerts.   i just started my current position.   i cannot be alone at night.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i like things that are not complicated.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i currently work at starbucks.   i love reading scary books.   i love bright clothing.   i like to exercise.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i enjoy her company.   i like to move to the music.   i teach animals for my career.   i am scared of high places.   i love it when it is cold outside.   i cannot stand the heat.   i do not like people very much.   i care about the environment.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection.   i am an accountant.   i have an eclectic taste in music.   i live by the ocean.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i work with young children.   it can be hard to control my school group.   i have a couple of pythons.   i love cats.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   i play around with candies a lot.   i am wildly optimistic.   i am recognized for being neat.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i was almost killed in car accidents.   i do not like to watch tv.   i have terrible taste in music.   i am a creative person.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i drive a dark colored suv.   i am very active in the community.   after work i am a chauffeur for my family.   i keep myself physically fit.   my puppy is called georgie.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i live on the east coast.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i have a way to call folks.   i am married to a man who serves the public as a police officer.   my parents own there own compnay.   farms have cool animals.   i like to s ee services.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i create music on instruments.   i have a couple of dogs to pull my sled.   my significant other is my best friend.   i like to be eccentric.   i am currently attend indiana university.   catching walleye is a favorite sport of mine.   technology and programming will train me for my future career.   i perform as a part of a congregation.   i like spicy foods.   i like catching sharks.   i have hit alot of attractions.   i love my nieces and nephews.   i like to go to the ocean.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i like to be in charge.   a person i am very close too resides far away.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i like to create.   i hope to become rich.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i take school for points.   i watch performing arts.   i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i like to cook for my family.   i enjoy making clothing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i served in the armed forces.   i am attending college to obtain my ba.   i have only visited places in the us.   my mother works in healthcare.   i have no clue who my father is.   i like the magic act where one cant talk.   i love science.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i recently relocated for a position.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am an elementary school teacher.   i discovered a way to recover from an illness.   people call me weird names.   me and my sibling , both have crimson locks.   i live on the west coast.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i pick up the drinks.   i can be kind of gross.   i have a cute puppy.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i hate going to the coast.   i need two screens.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i volunteer as much as possible.   i love italian cooking.   i do not like carrots.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   my eye color is dark.   i like to listen to live music.   i care a lot about animals.   i love cola products.   i love books so much.   i lived in a rural area as a child.   my sister has children.   i like italian cuisine best.   i enjoy cosplay.   i exercise regularly.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i prefer animation to live action.   i love cuddling with my babies.   i play school base ball.   in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   being a grandma is my greatest accomplishment.   i steered a nascar vehicle once.   i am lactose intolerant.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i like caffeinated beverages.   i am very accomplish in martial arts.   i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i have totaled two cars.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i am in college to receive my diploma.   i am caught up on all my shows.   big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   i am rude to my significant other.   i wish i was a musician.   i am a star on screen.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i will be attending college in california.   i want to work in tech.   i like chilling on the web.   i like older music.   i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i work for an advertising agency.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   my apartment is in the suburbs outside of chi town.   i am very excited.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i am patriotic.   i know a lot about machinery.   i was born in moscow.   my closet is full of t shirts.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i like electronic entertainment.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i sustain from anything toxic.   i am currently renting an apartment.   i like to watch tv.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i am employed at a college.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i like to watch dressage.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i prefer to listen to music than create it.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i am going to school full time.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   i like graphic novels.   i attended a state school.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i am employed at the stock exchange.   i use an evidence based approach to thought.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i am uncool.   i stay up to date on cutting edge technology.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i enjoy romance.   i have a huge collection.   calorie free beverages are my preference.   i own an older model car.   fried catfish is delicious.   i am a professional car racer.   i like to give to a worthy cause.   i have a job in the tech field.   i am fairly rich.   my employment is manufacturing goods.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   it is difficult for me to eat.   i really like cafe latte like they serve in france.   certain things freak me out.   i am the oldest of 3 children.   i left my small town to work in construction trades.   my marriage lasted ten calendars after.   i had a tough childhood.   i enjoy grunge music.   my existence is a tardy one.   i have a female child.   my mane is to my waist and is chestnut.   i go to school over the internet.   i have a spouse and children in the us.   i like distance from society.   red robin is my favorite place to eat.   i do not focus well.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i lived on teh west coast.   i study in college.   my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children.   i am a graphic designer.   i do not like to cook.   i want to get my own place.   i am going to manage a gallery when i get out of college.   i really like starbucks !.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i recently moved to the south.   i came out of my mother early.   will you sign my cast.   i care about others.   my spouse and i have children.   coke is not my favorite.   i am selective when buying vehicles.   i love any and all movies with clark kent.   i believe chips ahoy are the best.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   my mom signed me up for ballet when i was a small child.   i am a serious carnivore.   i chow down on vegetables , they are very nutritious.   i am the person who grocery shops.   i do not like reading scientific information.   my father handles packages for a living.   i had a rough childhood.   my parent is a music shaker.   i have little facial hair.   i work in a doctor office.   acdc is my favorite band.   i love my clan.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i fly around the country for work.   i cook a lot.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i try to keep active.   i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i like the ocean.   i like the weird act.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i am bespectacled.   i like to participate in sports that require speed and agility.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks.   reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i love to eat crustaceans.   i work in technology.   i like to give back.   i am curious about the world.   my dad got caught robbing a bank.   i feel the need to relocate.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i have neon colors.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   my significant other resides in venice.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i went to an ivy league school.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i protect my country.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i carve wood.   i am like circle.   i am not a fan of children.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   i am a sucker for romance.   i teach sun salutations.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i help people in the medical profession.   i rely a lot on technology.   i like bee juice.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   everyone seems to comment on my height.   i work in agriculture.   i have my bachelors degree.   i was in a bad wreck.   my car is very responsive.   i studied fractional representations of frequency in school.   i want to learn how to manage a place in vegas.   my wife and i have more than 1 child.   i win a lot at the casino.   i like the tone of cash.   i am confused.   i want a big change in my life.   i will be attending college in a state south of west virgina.   i am in my last year of education.   i purchase my canine a treat daily.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   death is a great way to show respect to people.   i participate in a sport using a racket and ball.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i like to cook.   i am musical.   education is a passion of mine.   my job helpe me teach kids.   they call me anne.   i am an author because i am jobless.   my mom works in the educational system.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i exercise often.   i love arts and crafts.   i have a medical condition that is made worse by the cold weather in my state.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i want to be an actress.   i am very good at certain things.   i like to work in the kitchen.   i studied at school during my childhood.   i like to sketch batman.   i hit different conventions.   we are from africa.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   i get good grades in school.   i am athletic.   i have a pug faced beast.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i enjoy moving to music.   prawns are yummy , especially dropped in spicy ketchup.   i am not well versed in computers.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i had a rocky childhood.   i love salty snacks in front of a large screen.   chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i am in the arm forces.   i love cats and their babies.   i work with computers.   i a fancy.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i am employed at fun city.   i am in contests.   i like cold weather.   a new vehicle was the best gift any of buddies have ever gotten me.   i use a wheelchair.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   iam in the sticks.   i cannot have a cat because fido hates them.   i have 2 children.   i teach pilates.   my spouse fixes trucks.   classic firms are the best.   i like bright shades and colors.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i dress like i ride motorcycles.   i like to hear hard rock.   i grew up close with my parents.   all i do is stay at the office.   i do not like french fries.   i am a cashier in a supermarket.   my parent works to help children.   i want to travel to nyc.   i like to go to school.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i like to coquettishly gaze at men from across the room.   i stare at condensing water vapor in the sky.   i like to listen to music.   there are no opportunities in my career.   my child is very smart.   i am experienced with zoology.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a practical car.   i cannot wait for it to feel icy out again in a few months.   i consume a poor diet.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i speak the letters back ways.   i cannot eat shrimp.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i am attending college to work in a hospital.   my customers like to play poker.   i make sure people can improve their finances.   me and them hang out and spectate sports.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i am artistic.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i am a bicyclist.   my dad worked with the force.   i am a server at a food place.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i often wear dark clothing.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i do not eat meat , dairy , or animal by products.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i educate young children.   i buy a lot of clothes.   i like cold beverages.   they call me gary.   my family is in the medical industry.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i like bright colors.   i ride in a sporty vehicle.   alicia silverstone is my favorite actress.   my career is very important to me.   i want a little more flexibility with my finances.   i educated tweens and teens.   i want to begin my own company.   i love watching nfl.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i hate throwing out plastic.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i have a couple of paintings on my body.   i love peace and love.   i studies to become a teacher.   i exercise everyday.   i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   the vans that serve up delicious meals are wonderful.   i enjoy music.   music is my life.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i need a new car.   i work in physical fitness.   i hate the country music.   i would like ot have a couple of children.   i do not have a great voice.   i come from the south.   i like music.   i belong to a public gym in the city.   i am very active.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   my career is in a library.   i am educated.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i enjoy going to other places.   i go to the stable once a week.   i am a physical trainer.   i was able to dine with a famous celebrity.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i do not eat a lot of carbs.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   i am too hardcore with my living.   i like to do it once.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i am studying chemistry.   i like to educate myself.   i love exercising.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   i am particular about the taste of my beverages.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   my follicles look reddened.   i am a freelance artist.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i burned down part of cali.   i was a kid actor.   i am very physical.   my kids are basically adults.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i like historical films.   foreign cars appeal to me.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   when i was a child i began avoiding meat.   i can play the piano.   i love music.   i am a musician.   i am recently employed.   i like vehicles.   i love seeing new cultures.   butter and corn is gross.   commitment is important to me.   i do not like my schooling.   i was raised in a very structured home.   i have children.   i like cooking for people.   i cook for myself.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i think what goes around comes around.   i serve in a large city.   i recently moved to a city.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i enjoy exercising ,.   i am a very complicated person.   i sense things others can not.   i like to watch movies.   i have social anxiety.   i punch in every day.   i am nocturnal.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i am addicted to sugar.   i was into 80s music.   i like watching college sports.   my spouse is a great cook.   i need caffeine to help me wake up.   alecia beth moore is on while i paint.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i like classic rock.   i coordinate events.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i like the capital of grunge.   i am an appointment scheduler.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i am a doctor.   i enjoy catching bass.   i like loud concerts.   i am a great musician.   i like to rock.   i am a competitive swimmer.   i like to be in the kitchen.   i go to exercise classes.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i am working on my internet career.   i work in the kids section at the local library.   i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i excercise my right as a us citizen.   i own a compact car.   i am not doing well in school right now.   i am not vey graceful.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i earn decent paychecks.   i enjoy dance.   my clan backs up.   i have went to school for dance.   i want cash to see the world.   my mom was in the computer technology field.   i have to be careful with what i eat.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   one of my closest pals is from africa.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i love to act.   my significant other and i will be having a wedding.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i sell products.   i exercise a lot.   i am employed from within my residence.   i enjoy non fiction.   i love heavy rock groups.   i have a lot of facial hair.   i am captain of the team.   i can not believe it has been a year since i began.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i like classic music.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   i am a local celebrity.   i like to dress in old clothes.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i have a long distance relationship.   i have two dogs , their names start with a b and the other with a c.   i live in the capital of washington.   i have been alive for three decades.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i enjoy music experiences.   i am addicted to the casino.   i regularly clean my plate during a meal.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   my child recently got her degree.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i run to keep active.   i do not like certain vegetables.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i am studying to be a doctor.   exploring new places is exciting for me.   i like to be social.   i get my exercise outdoors.   my partner has a customer service job.   heavy rock is my preference in music.   i have a canine pug.   dad gave me a toy vehicle.   i like to buy clothes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i help take care of pets.   i cant get a pet because of allergies.   my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family.   i hate christmas.   i see paranormal activities.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i went past my masters and have higher qualifications in the books and letters of rome.   my sibling believes they are a buccaneer.   i have a family member just starting school.   my dad works in a class.   i have a identical sibling , jane.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   my child cannot see.   i love being in the ocean.   the secret to my success is that i make money on the side.   the musical group i like the most is a rock n roll one.   i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i am confused about my sexuality.   i am emotionally confused.   i have only a child.   my significant other is a lawyer.   getting a manicure makes me more confident.   i want to live a crazy life.   i grew up on the east coast.   i am a junior in high school.   i am in school to be a healer.   i finished college 2 years ago.   i do not have to be at school at this moment.   i cannot tell the difference between red and green.   all i wear in camo.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i do not stay in one place very long.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i am employed from home to do computer work.   i like building muscle.   i am pretty good with a racquet.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i can not drink milk.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i reside in a complex.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i am a participant in the culinary arts.   i take my kids to all their sports activities.   i do work on a computer.   i do not have anybody with me at my place.   i am detached.   my parents had more than one child.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   one of my accessories is a crimson clutch.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   i like classic makeup.   my ride is cherry.   i watch cnn every day.   i work in a snack shop.   i was named something pretty common.   i do not have good credit.   i have a fancy car.   my children are academically gifted.   the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   work provides a great place to interact with people.   i like to wash my face every day.   i like to cosplay.   my father is employed at an investment company.   i work as a tech.   i like healthy activities.   i come from a lower class household.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am a romantic.   i am into creating modeling with materials.   i own a vehicle.   my parents had many children.   i like to take care of pets.   back in the first grade my mother passed away.   my mane is not a natural color.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i have an allergy to a flying insect.   i am an lpn at sacred heart.   my mane is bright colored.   my mos was working in school.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   i like going to the ocean.   my pop makes cars.   i am with family and practicing the guitar.   i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.   my mom is deceased.   i like my female office mate.   i like to be comfortable.   i had a difficult childhood.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   some would compare me to fine wine.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   i possess orthodontics.   i like to cook on the weekends.   i am a social person.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i like watching videos online.   my dad makes commercials.   the best animal is the smartest in the ocean.   my newest career has taught me to be social.   i can remember names well.   i work in fast food , and that scent lingers !.   i am a child.   i am passionate about exercising and being fit.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i nap a lot and play music.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i like mexican cuisine.   i have suffered a loss recently.   i have prior agriculture experience.   mcgregor is my favorite fighter.   i plan on becoming a cop.   i do computer and software work.   the color of my locks in not natural.   i am going to school to earn a degree.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i am very self conscious.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i purchased a vehicle.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am studying in college.   i am on a free ride to college.   i work at mcdonalds.   i used to live out of the country.   i love collecting actual discs.   i like documentary videos.   i get tired of commercials.   i am anemic.   i am a fan of ac milan.   i am an investor with stocks.   i have a job with a corporation.   i have a race mobile.   i am a musical person.   i am a fan of california rolls.   making cookies is fun.   my mom was an educator.   i am a chef.   i like cool colors.   my locks are lengthy and golden.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i get great exercise on the rink.   i am pretty athletic.   my family is creative.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i like to participate in outdoor activities.   i think comedy films are great.   my family is athletic.   i met a partner recently.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   my family was in the medical field.   i am a crafty person.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i do not like mexican food.   i live very close to my sister.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i enjoy exercising.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i take alot of calls.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i have a couple of aggressive k 9 s.   i love eating tacos.   just call me mom.   classic rock is my favorite genre of music.   i was valedictorian.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i like the scot boxer.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i am a manufacturing foreman.   i deliver packages.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i once owned a slot machine.   i am scared to come out of the closet.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i can be kind of competetive.   i work in the tech field.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i got some kicks that are awesome.   both my eyes are different colors.   i am finally done with school.   i like group activities.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   i am addicted to sweets.   i am a teacher.   i like magic creatures.   i recently graduated from college.   i have color on my face.   i love cheddar.   i would rather ride my bike into town than by car.   my old man works from the couch.   i like to compete at games.   i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i attended higher education.   i come from bennett , colorado.   i like sci fi.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   girls call my phone all day long.   i was a college athlete.   i love going shopping at nice stores.   i took flight classes.   i love taking pictures.   i never watch tv.   i got named something pretty common.   my mother was a cosmetologist.   i have a sensible car.   because i work out daily , my body is well toned.   i care about appearances.   i have a lot of hair on my face , but none on my head.   i only own trucks.   i care about people.   i am currently on my third marriage.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i am fluent in more than three dialects.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   my car is nothing fancy.   my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas.   i need to make a change.   i like to travel to other countries.   i am addicted to the internet.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i do not like long vehicles.   i like going to concerts.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i am a ceo.   i love japanese cuisine.   i believe in conspiracy theories.   crimson is a hot choice.   i am not very active.   i am on the spectrum.   cheese is my favorite snack food.   i fractured my bone.   patrick is my favorite character.   i like cheddar.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i do not really connect with my family.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   females from other countries are pretty.   i like to exercise in the mornings.   i have a truck.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i have a family , i love my 3 children.   i am close to my boyfriend ,.   i have bad luck with pets.   i have a relaxing career.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me.   i have been practicing music for many years.   i find clothes restricting.   my nickname is arnie.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i am in the 99th height percentile.   my dreadlocks are naturally dark.   both of my sons are so cute.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i am an artistic person.   i like small children.   i am a total social butterfly.   i always feel sick.   i am controlled by other things.   my religion is catholic.   i do not consume any meat or dairy products.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   my spectacles have adhesive between them.   i like to drink beer from other places.   i am a mechanic and i love it.   i like to do activities with others ,.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i came from berlin.   purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   when i was in college i focused on commercial courses.   i do not have any close friends locally.   i have graduated high school.   i take care of my body.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i enjoy loud music.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i like to use tobacco products everyday.   my children are my life.   i have a clan.   i love kids and am a doctor.   i like activated on the river.   my father was a police officer.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i do not subscribe to cable.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i like the updated computers.   i own a car.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   i am practically a chef !.   my father was in the car industry.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i love living close to the water.   people call me a ginger.   i enjoy living near the beach.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have action figures.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   my dad works on cars.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i just graduated high school.   i enjoy sketching humans.   i get along with anyone that can make me laugh !.   i like cheesy foods.   i am involved with digital currency.   i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i do not need a curling iron.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i pray every day and go to church every week.   i have continued on with my education.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i live in a city.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   my favorite animal is domesticated but is not a cat.   i am going to france soon.   i am a pharmacist.   i am from california.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i have been known to tickle the ivories.   i like to watch foreign television.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   my mom and dad are education workers.   my siblings and i have the same taste in music.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i beat a school contest.   i enjoy inhaling tobacco.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i work in commerce.   i participate in martial arts.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   my partner is sick.   zach , ryan and noah are at school.   i journal as often as i can.   i should not have as many snacks.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i love eating at my residence.   i have an un curable illness.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i can read music.   i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i am quarterback for the patriots.   i am in charge of coaching girls sports.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   i like to go to a bar and sing once a week.   i am socially favorable.   i got straight as in school.   i left school to support family.   i have been researching options to get a new pet.   i am a casual athlete.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i like to take in criminal books.   i work in cages.   i enjoy taking pictures.   my favorite pets are canines.   i am not a cat person.   i take care of my kids during the day.   i love living in california.   i recently left the university.   my emotions are always easy to discern.   i bike to work each day.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i do not own a car.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i love bright colors.   i am a recipient of welfare.   i live paycheck to paycheck.   i grow corn.   i have a commercial license.   i have a crotch rocket.   i should follow a stricter diet.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i like the green act.   i work out as often as i can.   the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i have not completed my post secondary education.   i like to catch animals.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i enjoy using my car.   i like exciting tv.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   my eye color is like the sky.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i am very competitive.   i like to visit new places.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   every friday i am at regal cinema.   i like the price before 8.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i like itches.   my family has become acquainted with famous people.   i have not finished my academics yet.   i have always wanted to cook for people.   my mom was the best teacher.   my schooling is close to being completed.   i have a sibling and she has 2 children.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i like warm colors.   i like dancers.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce.   i am allergic to dust.   trying to pick my major is hard.   my pub is in a busy part of the city.   cooking is my passion !.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods.   i used to live in a different country.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i love pick ups.   i drive a pick up.   i prefer american made trucks.   i am in recovery so i do not drink.   i used to live in a facility for storing items.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   i am chubby.   i do not take school too seriously.   i do not pick the right people.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i enjoy games on a court.   i can not hear.   i watch espn.   i love to receive bouquets.   i am the owner of a tiny domesticated feline.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i like loud pitched singing.   i own a couple lizards.   i work in computer art animation.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i used to run track in high school.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   i love reading classic english literature.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i listen to classical music.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i love fall colors.   i like to sketch.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i like clear drinks.   the perfect girl for me would be someone that can act and dance.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i love music from the 60s.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i like to watch basketball.   i like sliced pies.   i enjoy being active.   my locks are chestnut.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i care about how others see me.   my parents named me nicholas.   i rarely change my appearance.   i am really into exercise.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i can not talk well.   my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am.   i am college student in biology department.   i do not consume meat.   i am in contact with my old lover.   soon where i live should change.   i own a piece of land.   i work at a checkout.   i like to make music.   i am a pitcher.   i appreciate the spanish culture.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i could have swam in the olympics.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   i like being away from the city.   i like walking on ice.   i love swedish black metal.   i have a diploma from completing the twelfth grade.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i am a part time bouncer.   i like soda and stuff i can chew.   i currently reside in missouri.   i enjoy working with children.   my folks have good careers.   i am a well educated businessman.   i am in my first year of higher education.   i prefer thin crust.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i have my office in my house.   i love dressing up as characters.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i am a republican.   my career is in the banking industry.   my sis is a rock star.   i need caffeine or i will die.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   i am enrolled in a design college.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i like to wear nice clothes.   i own a pretty large vehicle.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i am a retired colonel.   i have a fair complexion.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   i perform on the local level.   i drink local.   i named my clydesdale mr ed.   in my home we have several canines.   i live a comfortable life.   i am a cubs fan.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i hate the beach.   i own a foreign vehicle.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   we are saying i do in the central valley.   my wedding is coming up.   i am an east coaster.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i can memorize lines.   i was a child actor.   i like to act.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   my mom teaches kids.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i am accountant.   i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly.   i love a good competition.   i need caffeine to exist.   i like to do court games.   i have done a lot of reading recently.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i am the vocalist for an alternative music group.   i can make words rhyme.   i am an accomplished lyricist.   i attended an ivy league college.   i like italian cuisine.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i have a basic job.   i have a flair for the dramatic.   my mom teaches music.   i am an amateur psychologist.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i am looking for a new career.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i can talk two ways.   i like climbing.   i like to stay in touch with the world.   i am a vet tech.   i enjoy spicy cuisine.   my house is in a high altitude location.   i enjoy seeing new places.   my job is in healthcare.   i will scale a mountain.   i like to interact with molds.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i like to read historical information.   i like spices.   i am social.   i like to climb.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   science fiction flicks are my favorite !.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i only like certain foods.   i dropped out of school.   i have gone across the ocean.   i love to tackle people in sports.   i own a chihuahua.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   i have a bunch of kids.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i like comic book heroes.   i prefer slacks and shirts.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i work in computers.   i worked in my parents cafe.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i enjoy lively music.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   my family is close to each other.   i love to get stuff from starbucks.   i am in another college.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i love canines.   i want to purchase a sports car.   i travel to new places.   i like to go camping.   i like to care for pets.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff.   i like fast expensive cars.   i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use.   i work well when i can organize things.   i like to use coupons.   i would like to stay cold.   i live in chicago.   i want to travel to another country.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i have been live for a decade.   i am starting a new activity.   i belong to a country club.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i prefer to be financially comfortable.   my office is the internet.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i have a nickname.   i love music events.   i like shopping in the city.   i have a hectic job.   i am called maria in italy.   i always enjoyed science.   i love watching movies.   my vacations have all been on land.   i am close to two people in the medical field.   i like to act out side of class.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i make documentaries about video games.   i just began telecommuting.   i like hard rock.   i was once on the road performing my music.   i am in high school.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals.   my parents had six children.   i love to go to the cinema.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   i like coloring hearts !.   i am in school.   i have a small walk up in the city.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   i work in a cubicle.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i recently became a cpa.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i have bad luck with relationships.   a twin is a rare occurrence.   i am searching for a person.   i love catching fish.   i like snow and ice.   i make all of my purchases online.   i can not wait to go to canada after our wedding.   i love to watch tv.   i want a roofless car.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i avoid eating broccoli.   i like american made cars.   i am on facebook way too often.   i am very comfortable with computers.   i like modern rock.   dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor.   i work for the education system.   give me a snickers bar any day.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   i write historical fiction.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i traveled down south by the beach.   i like canines.   i am very attentive in class.   i am crafty.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i like canadian sports.   i come from an artistic family.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   tim went to california.   organic is the only way for me.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i like horse racing.   i dislike animal products.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i like snickers bar.   i am musician.   i work in healthcare.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   i cant wait to drive.   my locks are a beautiful crimson color.   i like a good book and preparing delicious meals.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i own more than one canine but less than three.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page.   my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar.   i protect for a living.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice.   i have been studying to become a doctor for two years.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   being a character is something i love.   i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   on the weekends i watch events.   i am an acrobat.   my child is now an adult.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i hail from canada.   i love a game where i can use my footwork.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i do not like cold weather.   i care about my education.   i take care of animals for my job.   my son attends a special needs schooling program.   i have a very strict diet.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy live productions.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i enjoy camping in the wild.   i am a musician and a brain.   i wish i had a drivers license.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i am an rn at a local clinic.   i love going for a dip in the pool or the ocean.   i am the child of a house cleaner.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i do not like insects.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i am a jock.   i like creating superheroes.   i am creative.   i believe in magic.   i am very crafty.   i want a new haircut.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i rent a place together with my sibling.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i am a typical teenager.   i cannot wait to graduate.   i am studying to be a gynecologist.   i like the color lilac.   my house is by the beach.   i adore catching the waves on my board.   i love to go camping.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd.   i actually enjoy studying.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i have a couple of kids.   i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age.   my body is a canvas.   at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female.   i work for a casino.   i buy too many clothes.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i have been playing guitar ever since i was a kid.   i own a record shop.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i am canadian.   i am a marathoner who races biannually.   i love natural colors.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   i love those sleek italian cars.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i am very vocal about my opinions.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i have been told i act like their father even though we are the same age.   my new work consists of law.   i have received accolades for my musical performances.   my experience is in bookkeeping.   i have a couple of german shepherd.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i have a home in canada.   i like to participate in exciting activities.   i like to take pictures.   i do not like a high electric bill.   i like when it precipitates.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i want to be a teacher.   i instruct children for work.   on the census i check the box for being a white person.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i have chick.   my folks are very good climbers.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i love spin class.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   my dad has coronary problems.   after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords.   i compose small movies.   i did not have many friends in high school.   my self expression is typically through painting.   shouting is exciting.   it is difficult for me to connect to others.   i have a very active imagination.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i wear dark clothing.   i hate insects , but not reptiles.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   education is important to me.   i become marry in my youth.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i listen to music often.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i have a night job in the service industry.   my job is in the financial field.   i am allergic to almost everything.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i am not a picky eater.   i like funk rock.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i wear a lot of black.   my home is in the windy city.   i perform in competitions.   i enjoy playing music.   i like to listen to terrible music.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember.   i work as a doctor.   i used to participate in contests.   i am a teacher for five year olds.   i have a job in finance.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i have 12 children.   i like to stay at the same place.   i do not eat meat or use animal products.   i have a cowboy hat.   my children keep me busy.   i hated being taught education.   i would like to become an elementary school teacher.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i like hot texas , mexican.   my partner attends the same school as i do.   i like fast cars.   i am a educator.   channing tatum is the best actor !.   i can not imagine living in a small town again.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i attend many social events.   i enjoy club beats.   i do not do well in school.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown.   i want to relocate.   i am musically inclined.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   carmen said that i am the best mommy.   i am a smart attractive female.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   the customer is always right.   i do not block calls.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i like country music.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i am a clean freak.   i love children.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i eat a lot of carbs.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am mexican.   my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings.   i have children and i am a woman.   dominoes specializes in what i like best.   i am sort of a celebrity.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i really want to be an animal doctor.   i am not comfortable with my body.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i have no education.   i teach in elementary school.   i like lilac and pink.   i like cool and subdued colors.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy.   i have a time consuming commute.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars.   bicycle riding is a favorite hobby if mine.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i like to cook different foods.   i hate cats.   i travel to other places around the world.   i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to.   i used to work in education.   i have the over night shift in customer service.   i want to be an entrepreneur when i get out of school.   i am a first generation american.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i love to perform songs of a specific genre.   i like the colder months.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most.   in my down hours i give my minutes to old folks in collectives.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   older musical films are the best.   mexican is my favorite food.   my job can be described as clerical.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i dislike cobras but butterflies are okay.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i drive long distances for work.   my dad drove a truck.   i work at a veterinarians office.   i attend church regularly.   i love to watch scary things.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i finished my education years ago.   i would like to teach piano when i am old.   i enjoy rock bands.   i am a nurse in the emergency room.   i practice law.   i love getting a manicure.   i am good at beach sports.   i could walk in the woods for hours.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   my mom has too many clothes.   i am sick of most animals.   i like to cook spaghetti.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   i enjoy the ocean.   i like punk rock.   i like the adult cartoons.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i am hyper which can overwhelm others that are with me.   i love using my video camera.   i cannot tell a lie.   being dead scared me.   i am a competitive dancer.   i like snacks.   i only graduated from high school.   i can process information very quickly.   i watch cartoons still.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i like iced snacks.   i do not have a car.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i love washington state and their capital.   i enjoy manicures.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders.   i own a cute puppy.   i love how scarlet looks.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   teal and turquoise are my favorite colors.   i push a sea colored ride.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i am a part time service worker.   i am in law school.   i do not like country.   i like to vacation in the carribbean.   i am in charge of my dad and moms company.   i know a lot about other places.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i am relocating for a job.   i am on the west coast.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day.   i role my scooter to school.   i enjoy cycling.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment.   i cannot stand winters.   i watch the voice evey week.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i watch too much television.   i like to mimic crows cawing.   i cant see very well.   i like the tone of citrus.   i like to make new necklaces and earrings whenever i can.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i am good at yarn crafts.   i work in tech.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i love country music.   i special in handicapped equestrian sports.   i loved talking about space as kid.   my house is close to outdoor recreation.   i like to listen to loud music.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i keep track of sport stats.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   i am a megalomaniac.   i like to be at the beach.   i like hard music.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors.   i dislike beauty products.   i like to get manicures.   commuting is cheap for me.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school.   i sneeze in dusty places.   i am a little ocd about my hygiene.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day.   i am nordic.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i have a couple pets.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i can reach things on high shelves.   i love the classic composers.   i am into expensive cars.   i like to experiment with color.   my dad has strict political beliefs.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i am in charge of a business that cleans homes.   i follow nick.   my mom taught in a preschool.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i like cutting my own jeans.   my mom is employed as a financial institution.   i love italian cuisine.   i take care of lost pets.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i do not like fabric seats in a car.   i exercise every night.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i like the main car in the movie.   agatha christie wrote the plots to the best films.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i love to vacation with nature.   i am completing my studies.   i am a chef and a painter.   i make up stories about celebrities to get attention.   i go to preschool.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i do not like athletics.   i work as a clerk.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i have a german car.   i am on the road with a music performer.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i really enjoy crafting.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i immigrated to ca.   i cook my own meals.   i cannot stand clutter.   i love listening to great music.   tupac is my favorite singer.   i listen to rap music.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i am energized by social situations.   i need to compete with other girls.   i consume organic.   i am an elected official.   i cannot stay mad at my pets.   i like dogs you can eat.   going to the ocean is one of my greatest pleasures.   i love interacting on my console.   my commute each morning is on the train.   i vacuum daily.   people with red noses and costumes scare me.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i watch television.   i am sick.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i rock out to old tunes.   i work in law enforcement.   i just became single my girl left me.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i am a young child.   i like alternative rock.   i am a concierge.   i am close to my family.   i am and excellent ball thrower.   i teach young children.   i like to go to conventions with other fans.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i live along the coast.   i can watch tv for hours.   i do not like to change my style.   i donate my time to rescues.   i can move my body to music.   i can not spell to save my life.   i enjoy playing in music class.   my movie collection is so high.   i was featured in a newspaper article once.   i like watching sports.   i had cows as pets growing up.   i know we are not alone in space.   i like bright colored things.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   technology is fascinating to me.   i am very physically fit.   i love coffee.   i am very good at most racket sports.   i can not seem to gain employment.   the outcome is good.   i am an arts and crafts person.   my facial hair is very full.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   i can not see things that are far away.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i finished school.   i used to be very athletic.   i really do not like cold winters.   i care about my looks.   i got a divorce.   i have just started school.   i love any kind of classical music.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i am half a century.   i am studying a new language in school.   i am trying my best to get cash.   i change loved one quick.   my dad loved being in the kitchen.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i care about people and society as a whole.   i am socially aware.   i like music and concerts.   i punch numbers for a living.   if it comes from a cow , i will eat it !.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i grow corn , peas and carrots.   i enjoy musicals.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i like modern folk music.   i care about my health.   i intend on furthering my education.   i want to protect the environment.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i like cities.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed.   i care about me body.   i like watching the nfl.   i have just completed my education.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   i have an odd animal instead of a normal cat or dog.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively.   my mom is a cosmetologist.   i have not experienced much.   i often complain.   i study biochemistry.   i have a lot of children.   i wish to go to space.   a few months ago , i purchased an rv.   i treat sick people in a big building.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,.   i am currently staying in a midwest state.   i enjoy seeing live music.   my most preferred musical group is the command form of what frogs do.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
main	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   the kitchen is my domain.   i run a little shop on main street.   i was brought up not in main stream religion.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i like the main car in the movie. 
stream	 i was brought up not in main stream religion.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   i enjoy streaming tv online. 
capital of washington	 i live in the capital of washington. 
alive	 i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i have been alive for three decades. 
stamp collecting	 stamp collecting is my favorite. 
collecting	 i love collecting actual discs.   stamp collecting is my favorite.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows. 
experience	 i am experienced with zoology.   i enjoy music experiences.   i have prior agriculture experience.   my experience is in bookkeeping.   i have not experienced much. 
elevators	 i will not go on elevators. 
came	 i became an orphan at an early age.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   i like cameras.   i came out of my mother early.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   i came from berlin.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   i recently became a cpa.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   i love using my video camera.   i just became single my girl left me. 
first language	 my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language. 
record	 purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   i own a record shop.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century. 
jog	 i am an avid jogger.   i enjoy jogging.   i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i jog very far.   i love to jog when the moon is out.   i love to jog. 
steaks	 i love steaks. 
exploring	 exploring new places is exciting for me.   i enjoy exploring. 
savory	 i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet. 
flavors	 i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors. 
road rage	 i have road rage. 
two girls	 i have two girls of my own.   i birthed a boy and two girls. 
customer service	 my partner has a customer service job.   i have the over night shift in customer service. 
loose	 when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   i need to loose ten pounds.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then. 
pound	 i need to loose ten pounds.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard. 
pound	 i need to loose ten pounds.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard. 
currency	 i am involved with digital currency. 
sober	 i am sober. 
meeting	 i like meeting new people. 
fluffy	 sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   you should meet fluffy , my feline companion.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. 
railroads	 i enjoy learning about railroads. 
gave	 dad gave me a toy vehicle.   i gave up smoking.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work. 
stick	 i am on the paleo diet and try to stick to it every day.   iam in the sticks.   i love fried potato sticks. 
numbers	 i work with numbers.   i do not like numbers.   i am good with numbers.   i like to work with numbers.   i am very good with numbers.   i punch numbers for a living.   i like working with numbers. 
allergies	 i cant get a pet because of allergies.   kittens irritate my allergies. 
christmas	 i hate christmas.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year. 
meditate	 i like to meditate. 
treatment	 to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist. 
treatment	 to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist. 
paranormal activities	 i see paranormal activities. 
finger	 i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i bite my fingernails. 
rent	 my parents had 5 kids.   my parents are very judgmental and rude.   i am a current resident in the united state.   i do not get to see my parents very often.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   my parents are very patient with me.   my parent educates others.   i am currently in college.   i keep up with current events.   i love being a parent.   i just started my current position.   i would do anything for my parent.   i am apart of a different work environment.   i currently work at starbucks.   i am a parent to 2 toddlers.   i do not know my real parents.   my number one priority are my parents and siblings.   my parents own there own compnay.   we have the same parents , he was born first.   i am a parent.   i am currently attend indiana university.   i am the proud parent of 2 boys and 1 girl.   actually , i am still with my parents.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i have lived in a lot of different places.   i am an adult that stays with my parents.   i am currently renting an apartment.   my parents are both employed.   my parent is a music shaker.   one parent resides in my home.   i do not know who my biological parents are.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i hit different conventions.   i lost one of my parents a while ago.   my parents are divorced and my mom and i get along well.   i grew up close with my parents.   my parent works to help children.   i currently do not have the most recent apple phone.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   in 12 weeks , i will be a parent.   i can mimic a lot of different voices.   i chat with my parents whenever i can.   i am the parent to a single kid.   i rent a one bedroom.   my parents had more than one child.   i pay my parents rent.   my parents had many children.   i was taken in by my parents when i was very small.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am the owner of canines of different breeds.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   i am a parent to 3 kids.   my parents own a star like walmart.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   both my eyes are different colors.   my parents are very interesting.   i love my parents.   i like different reptiles.   i am currently on my third marriage.   i like to view flims from different countries.   my parents are of caribbean and the oriental descent.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i love to eat different things.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i have a parent who is from the soviet.   i am the one who supports my parents.   i used to live in a different country.   i rent a studio.   i do not know my parents.   my parents named me nicholas.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i do some different things.   i enjoy being a parent.   i currently reside in missouri.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i am a single parent of boys.   my parents were labor workers.   i worked in my parents cafe.   i am currently looking for a new home.   my parent is a body builder.   my parents had six children.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   my grandparents were immigrants.   my parents and i are very outdoorsy.   i rent a place together with my sibling.   i grew up in a single parent house hold.   my parents are religious.   my parent came from the mediterranean.   i am from a different lan.   my parents are famous.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   my mother was my only parent and showed me this sport.   i like to cook different foods.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   my parents gave me a lot of money so i do not work.   i am a farm worker , currently not employed.   i am not a parent.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   my female parent does it all on her own.   i am currently staying in a midwest state. 
bedroom	 i rent a one bedroom.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i am someone who works from my bedroom correcting writing. 
buccaneer	 my sibling believes they are a buccaneer. 
criminal	 i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i like to take in criminal books. 
loved ones	 i have alot of loved ones.   i love to be with loved ones.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i love being with loved ones. 
jane	 i have a identical sibling , jane.   i call my kitten katie jane.   jane austen is my favorite author. 
mom and dad	 my mom and dad are retired.   my mom and dad were very similar.   my mom and dad let me stay with them.   my mom and dad are old.   my mom and dad were both taller than average.   my mom and dad knew a lot about science.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   my mom and dad live up north by hollywood.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   my mom and dad are education workers.   my mom and dad are both attorneys.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i stay with my mom and dad.   i still am staying with my mom and dad.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. 
honey	 i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i just got back from my honeymoon. 
ponytail	 i have a ponytail the color of dark honey.   i have a long wavy ponytail. 
black	 the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i love swedish black metal.   i wear a lot of black. 
irritate	 kittens irritate my allergies.   i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. 
manicure	 getting a manicure makes me more confident.   once a week i purchase a manicure.   i love getting a manicure.   i enjoy manicures.   i like to get manicures. 
confident	 getting a manicure makes me more confident. 
finished	 i finished college 2 years ago.   i have not finished my academics yet.   i finished my education years ago.   i do not have strong feelings about the story that i finished.   i finished school. 
camo	 all i wear in camo. 
fishy	 i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. 
southern united states	 as a kid i lived in southern united states. 
big dogs	 i love big dogs. 
muscle	 i like building muscle. 
singing	 i like to listen to redneck singing.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i like loud pitched singing.   i love singing. 
unique	 i have dark and unique features.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i am unique. 
illinois	 my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i lived in illinois for four years. 
brother	 my brothers wife has tanked.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i have two younger brothers.   i have no sisters or brothers.   there are many brothers i still have not met.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   i do not have any brothers or sisters. 
dan brown books	 i like to read dan brown books. 
attorney	 i want to be an attorney.   my mom and dad are both attorneys. 
birth	 i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i share my birthday with jesus.   my wife has given birth to more than one son.   i birthed a boy and two girls. 
read books	 i like to read books. 
practice	 i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i practiced for my performance all day long.   i practice law. 
witchcraft	 i practice witchcraft but no one knows. 
trust	 i am distrustful of people.   i have trust issues. 
issues	 i have mental issues.   i have trust issues.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i have sugar issues. 
top	 pepperoni is my favorite topping.   i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   my foster deals in laptops.   i like to stop for a beer after work.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i cannot stop eating when i get anxious.   i stopped traveling after marrying my love.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes. 
tangerine	 burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices. 
burnt umber	 burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices. 
colored pencil	 burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices. 
stretchy	 my favorite candy is anything stretchy. 
posses	 i possess a death carriage.   i possess a lot of patience.   wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i posses a small colorful caged bird.   i possess orthodontics. 
gang	 my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. 
caged	 i posses a small colorful caged bird. 
milk	 i can not drink milk.   i have to drink dairy free milk.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i grew up milking cows every morning. 
earned	 i earned my degree in baltimore.   i learned to play the piano as a child.   i learned about morals from him.   i learned to read very early. 
dessert	 i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i like sweets and dessert.   i make the greatest dessert all my friends say so.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i love eating frozen desserts with my family.   dessert is my favorite meal. 
course	 when i was in college i focused on commercial courses. 
calls	 my dad calls me frankie.   i am not able to make bird calls.   i take alot of calls.   i do not block calls. 
participant	 i am a participant in the culinary arts. 
culinary arts	 i am a participant in the culinary arts. 
peppy	 i am a very peppy person. 
detached	 i am detached. 
mental health professional	 i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. 
lips	 i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. 
accessories	 one of my accessories is a crimson clutch. 
clutch	 one of my accessories is a crimson clutch. 
hot	 i shot an arrow the other day !.   i like hot weather.   i love to take photos.   crimson is a hot color on my foot.   my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber.   crimson is a hot choice.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   i love hot weather.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   photography is my hobby.   i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i like hot texas , mexican.   i hate driving in the summer my vehicle is so hot. 
makeup	 i like classic makeup.   i want to be a makeup artist.   my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. 
cherry	 my ride is cherry. 
common	 i have a female sibling with a very common name.   i was named something pretty common.   i got named something pretty common. 
credit	 i do not have good credit. 
gifted	 my children are academically gifted.   my siblings are more musically gifted than i am. 
wits	 the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit. 
match	 the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit.   i enjoy eating to match my work out. 
trivial pursuit	 the girls and i like to get together to match wits in trivial pursuit. 
downtime	 i spend my downtime on my macbook. 
macbook	 i spend my downtime on my macbook. 
notebooks	 i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. 
asthma	 i have asthma. 
wash	 i have lived in washington all my life.   i live in the capital of washington.   i like to wash my face every day.   i love washington state and their capital. 
eat out	 i eat out. 
investment company	 my father is employed at an investment company. 
pot	 i am a meat an potatoes kind of person.   i am passionate about creating high end fried potatoes.   i love fried potato sticks.   i like to loosen up with pot now and then.   i love the harry potter books.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants. 
credence	 i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them. 
accept	 i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them. 
truth	 i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. 
made up stories	 i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them. 
mediterranean	 mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   my parent came from the mediterranean. 
toppings	 sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings. 
bread	 breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i do not eat bread.   i like long bread. 
party	 i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   i like to party and not study.   i like to party on the weekends. 
system	 i am enrolled in a exclusive education system.   my mom works in the educational system.   i work for the education system.   i have a great wifi system.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator. 
engine	 i am an engineering student.   i like bright fire engines. 
instructor	 i am the child of a university instructor. 
educator	 my mom was an educator.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i am a educator. 
deals	 my foster deals in laptops.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations. 
software developer	 i am a software developer. 
engineer	 i am an engineering student. 
brush	 i use a brush and easel in my hobby. 
easel	 i use a brush and easel in my hobby. 
practicing	 i am with family and practicing the guitar.   i have been practicing music for many years. 
publishing	 i work in the media and publishing industry. 
comfortable	 i like to be comfortable.   i live a comfortable life.   i prefer to be financially comfortable.   i am very comfortable with computers.   i am not comfortable with my body. 
roller sports	 i like to do roller sports. 
tidy	 keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   i tidy up homes for cash.   i dislike tidying up. 
compare	 some would compare me to fine wine. 
wine	 some would compare me to fine wine.   i enjoy beer and wine. 
widow	 i am a widow. 
stress	 i like to get rid of my stress. 
ratio	 i have a job with a corporation.   i work on the generational land.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   my generation saw the world war.   creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do.   i am a first generation american. 
coffee	 i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i am trying to get off of coffee.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   i love coffee. 
sixteen	 next year i will be sixteen. 
orthodontics	 i possess orthodontics. 
core	 i like hardcore music.   i am too hardcore with my living.   being a parent is a core part of my existence. 
covering	 my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. 
low	 i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i am deathly afraid of halloween costumes.   i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem.   i like to blow.   i love halloween season.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.   i come from a lower class household.   my bank flow is high.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i am a slow typist.   i have a yellow dog.   i swallow a lot of brews.   i go below my means to financially benefit.   i follow nick.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things. 
remember	 i can remember names well.   i do not really remember my dad.   i love to remember good times.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember. 
hippie	 i have a hippie personality. 
crayons	 i enjoy art and working with crayons.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons. 
pen	 i like suspense.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i use pens to write a lot.   i am spending my life with my favorite person.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i spend time at the pool.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i like the open road.   i am thrifty with my spending.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i spend time in the water everyday.   with arms wide open is my favorite song.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i used to live in virginia now i live in pennsylvania.   i am dependent on pills to stay alive.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i spend a lot of time writing.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   on thursdays , i spend my afternoons swimming.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i have spent along time in love.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks.   i spend a.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i happen to love being around others.   after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i spend a lot of money on gas.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i love jalapenos.   i love spending time with my pets.   i am a fan of spending money.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i spent my formative years in the northeast.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i like fast expensive cars.   i would like to have better penmanship.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i like spending my time outside.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   i like to spend time outside.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   i spend time with books.   i am into expensive cars.   i spent my time reading.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i love spending time with my kids.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i have a tendency to spend compulsively.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff. 
mcgregor	 mcgregor is my favorite fighter. 
fighter	 mcgregor is my favorite fighter. 
becoming	 i plan on becoming a cop. 
cop	 i plan on becoming a cop.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others. 
lifting	 i like lifting but not with my legs. 
small sword	 my favorite item is a small sword. 
sword	 my favorite item is a small sword. 
george orwell	 i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful. 
shelled	 i hate shelled things. 
insures	 i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people. 
admin assistant	 i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people. 
thrillers	 i enjoy suspense and thrillers. 
magic kingdom	 i love to visit magic kingdom annually. 
kite	 i enjoy flying a kite. 
appearance	 my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i care about appearances.   i rarely change my appearance. 
appearance	 my appearance matters when i am out and about.   i care about appearances.   i rarely change my appearance. 
vessel	 i just brought a fishing vessel. 
basic	 i am basically addicted to caffeine.   my kids are basically adults.   my favorite colors are pretty basic.   i have a basic job. 
trouble	 sometimes i have trouble breathing.   i am very talkative which can get me in trouble.   i got in a lot of trouble growing up.   i have trouble showing up on time. 
excellent	 i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i am and excellent ball thrower. 
lavender	 i love my lavender t shirt. 
karate	 karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular. 
taekwondo	 karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports. 
mcdonalds	 i work at mcdonalds.   i go to mcdonalds a lot.   mcdonalds is my favorite place to eat ,. 
interests	 i have a variety of interests. 
meet new	 i just moved here and want to meet new people. 
harrison	 i like harrison. 
discs	 i love collecting actual discs. 
antique	 i like to go antique shopping. 
buff	 i am a huge fitness buff !.   i am a big film buff. 
salads	 i like to make salads.   i am not into having salads or even berries. 
lead	 my work is in leadership at safeway.   the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine. 
lead singer of maroon 5	 the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine. 
anemic	 i am anemic. 
california rolls	 i am a fan of california rolls. 
sushi	 i like to grub on sushi. 
tones	 i like the rolling stones.   i really like the rolling stones.   i like aqua tones.   i prefer warm tones.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. 
golden	 my locks are lengthy and golden.   i am employed by the grand golden arches.   my lox are golden.   my golden retriever is named ginger. 
mathematics	 i enjoy taking mathematics. 
enlisted	 my father was enlisted in the army.   i used to be enlisted in the army. 
pieces	 i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art. 
types of singing	 i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces. 
remind	 grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like. 
peas	 grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i grow corn , peas and carrots. 
comedy	 i think comedy films are great. 
dietary	 i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions. 
bullied	 i got bullied when i was younger. 
attempt	 i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. 
attempt	 i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. 
scribing	 i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. 
bat	 i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   batman is my favorite hero.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i periodically engage in fantasy battles with people i do not know in public places.   i like to sketch batman.   i like to see the bat and ball game.   i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals.   i like batman.   i am an acrobat.   i create my own bath and beauty products. 
tacos	 i love eating tacos. 
genre of music	 classic rock is my favorite genre of music. 
popular	 i am popular.   i enjoy listening to popular songs. 
eyeliner	 i like to try new eyeliner looks. 
valedictorian	 i was valedictorian. 
university of maryland	 i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. 
wrestling	 i enjoy wrestling. 
scot	 i like the scot boxer.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors. 
foreman	 i am a manufacturing foreman. 
deliver	 i deliver packages. 
automation	 human automation is my passion. 
flow	 i love it when trees are green and flowers bloom.   i am a wallflower but i am not insecure.   my bank flow is high.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   when the flowers bloom , i am in love.   i have red flowers in my backyard.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks. 
rebounded	 i have lost all my money and rebounded. 
commander in chief	 you are looking at the commander in chief !. 
owned	 i once owned a slot machine. 
slot machine	 i once owned a slot machine. 
various	 i enjoy various cartoons. 
yard	 i have roses in my yard.   i have red flowers in my backyard. 
240	 i can run a long distance within 240 seconds. 
seconds	 i can run a long distance within 240 seconds. 
pass time	 hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing. 
robber	 my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. 
geometry	 i am good at geometry.   i like geometry. 
cheddar	 i love cheddar.   i like cheddar.   i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce. 
fourty	 i had my first grandchild when i was fourty four. 
couch	 my old man works from the couch. 
competition	 i love a good competition.   i perform in competitions. 
dentistry	 i like dentistry but some of it creeps me out. 
adorn	 i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone. 
tilapia	 breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish. 
fish	 i am selfish.   i love to fish.   i am sick when i eat fish.   i am often successful at ocean fishing.   i eat fish all the time.   fried catfish is delicious.   my chevy is chartreuse and reeks of dead fish.   i love fish.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy.   i would eat red meat over fish any day.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i am allergic to shellfish.   i love catching fish.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   fish is my favorite food.   i enjoy fishing.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
dinner	 i like to takedown my own did dinners.   breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.   i like going out for dinner. 
light out	 i love it when it is dark out not light out. 
college athlete	 i was a college athlete. 
going shopping	 i love going shopping at nice stores. 
photography	 i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i enjoy photography.   i want to purchase photography equipment.   photography is my hobby. 
noodles	 i like noodles alot. 
tango	 my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. 
answer	 i will not take no for an answer.   i spend a lot of time answering phones. 
firearm	 i own many firearms. 
cub	 i am a cub master at our local den.   i am a cubs fan.   i work in a cubicle. 
local	 i work in the kids section at the local library.   i am a local celebrity.   i am a cub master at our local den.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i do not have any close friends locally.   we are fans of the local football team , we have never missed a game.   i perform on the local level.   i drink local.   i am an rn at a local clinic.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i would rather get locally produced food.   i am a driver for a local bakery.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group. 
repairs	 i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
repair	 i work in construction and repair peoples roofs.   my father has a lot of knowledge about household repair.   i make my living doing plumbing and other repairs. 
fluent	 i am fluent in more than three dialects.   i am fluent in 2 languages. 
war	 warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i much prefer warm weather sports.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i am really fond of warm colors.   i like warm drinks when its cold outside.   i get awkward around people.   i am a software developer.   i do computer and software work.   i prefer warm tones.   my grandfather fought in the second world war.   i make software.   i like warm colors.   my generation saw the world war.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i am socially aware. 
chalupas	 my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas. 
chief executive	 my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas. 
entertainment	 i like electronic entertainment.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
change	 i am employed at the stock exchange.   i want a big change in my life.   i need to make a change.   i rarely change my appearance.   soon where i live should change.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i recently had to change my sleep schedule.   i do not like to change my style.   i change loved one quick. 
view	 television viewing occupies most of my time.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i view movies online.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home. 
flims	 i like to view flims from different countries. 
lox	 my lox are quite lengthy.   my lox are golden. 
sitcom	 i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another. 
thumb	 i have an extra thumb.   i have a green thumb. 
typist	 i am a very speedy typist.   i am a slow typist. 
spectrum	 i am on the spectrum. 
betrayed	 my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with. 
generational	 i work on the generational land. 
land	 i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i am from the home land.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i am originally from england.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i work on the generational land.   i have returned from visiting england.   i am also a landlord.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i own a piece of land.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   my vacations have all been on land.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i am going to an island soon.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china. 
fear of flying	 i have a fear of flying so i will not try. 
ole	 i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   i am lactose intolerant.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   my management role is very important to me.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i role my scooter to school.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i love interacting on my console.   i care about people and society as a whole. 
patrick	 patrick is my favorite character.   on saint patricks day i wear the scottish colors. 
characters	 cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i love dressing up as characters. 
relative	 i have tons of relatives.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   i do not have any older relatives.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature. 
connect	 i do not really connect with my family.   it is difficult for me to connect to others. 
spin	 i like to spin on stage.   i love spin class. 
menu	 i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !. 
adam sandler	 i like films that adam sandler are in. 
god	 i like to hear about god before sleep.   i do not believe in god.   my father is a godly man. 
coming up	 i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   my wedding is coming up. 
alumni	 i am an mu alumni.   i am a harvard alumni. 
millionaire	 i got it and now i am a multi millionaire.   i am a millionaire. 
bad luck	 i have bad luck with pets.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i have had some bad luck recently and have been feeling depressed. 
politicians	 after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore. 
stomach	 after spending years as politicians , my mom and dad could not stomach it anymore. 
threatening	 my significant other is always threatening to break up with me. 
break up	 my significant other is always threatening to break up with me. 
nickname	 my nickname is arnie.   i have a nickname. 
arnie	 my nickname is arnie. 
squeezed	 i love squeezed oranges. 
oranges	 i love squeezed oranges. 
tube	 i am a you tube star.   i like the boob tube. 
hoagies	 i love meat hoagies. 
hoops	 i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i like hoops. 
bed rest	 i am on bed rest. 
rest	 i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex.   i work in a restaurant.   i go to restaurants frequently.   i am a chef at a restaurant.   i am employed at waffle house restaurant.   i get a full nights rest every night.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i have always wanted to be a restauranteur.   the rain forest is interesting to me.   i am interested in government articles and novels.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i work at a spanish fast food restaurant studying friend food.   i have a variety of interests.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i am a waitress at a restaurant.   i enjoy wrestling.   my parents are very interesting.   i find clothes restricting.   i am on bed rest.   i am interested in the supernatural.   i used to wrestle.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i am interested in animals.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i look for people with my same interest.   i find moa to be interesting.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i reside in the nearest urban center.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i am interested in the thoughts of others.   i see some interesting people at my job.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i love the film about a fast food restaurant.   i am interested in learning how the brain works.   i have seen many interesting fish. 
99th	 i am in the 99th height percentile. 
height percentile	 i am in the 99th height percentile. 
post graduate	 i am fresh into the post graduate world. 
dreadlocks	 my dreadlocks are naturally dark. 
adventure sports	 i am into adventure sports. 
bib	 i am a bibliophile.   i like the bib. 
feel sick	 i always feel sick. 
catholic	 my religion is catholic. 
dairy products	 i do not consume any meat or dairy products. 
spiritual	 i am a spiritual person. 
generations	 i enjoy educating the younger generations. 
jazz	 i like jazz.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician. 
recorded	 purple rain is the best song ever recorded.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century. 
j	 i enjoy computers and phones.   jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i tell jokes on stage.   my parents are very judgmental and rude.   i enjoy my albums.   i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   i am a journalist.   i enjoy a good hike.   i enjoy seeing the world.   i enjoy sharing my voice.   i work at a juice business.   i have a job at sears.   i really enjoy snack foods.   i enjoy outdoor activities.   i enjoy being part of the crowd.   i never had a job and i never will.   i work many odd jobs.   i have a boring job.   i just got a divorce.   my sibling enjoys music and going to different places.   i wish to join education.   my favorite subject is psychology.   i have no job.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   all food is enjoyable to me.   i enjoy pop music.   i enjoy cold drinks.   i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is.   i enjoy staring up at the sky.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i enjoy being creative.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   i really enjoy doing vocals with the band.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i enjoy watching animated films.   i am an avid jogger.   i enjoy moving my body.   i have a professional job.   i am a woman and enjoy the company of men.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i enjoying doing sports outside with my friends.   my family enjoys sweets that are extra sweet.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   last month i was hired for my first post collegiate job.   i joined a reading group.   i enjoy being fake.   i am a lumberjack by trade.   i enjoy breakfast food.   i would enjoy having a dip in the pool.   i love john hughes films.   i enjoy jogging.   i enjoy classic literature.   i enjoy being outside.   i jam on the skins.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i enjoy baking.   i just started my current position.   i enjoy a few brews by the river.   i enjoy name brand sport shoes.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   i enjoy books.   i enjoy her company.   i am a jon snow fan.   i enjoy surfing the web.   i am looking fora job.   on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i enjoy what i do for a living.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i enjoy a good book.   i am looking for a job.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy stretching and exercise.   i enjoy football and other games.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i enjoy making clothing.   i enjoy listening to music.   i enjoy the sun.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i enjoy speed.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i am just a kid.   i enjoy being around animals.   i enjoy cosplay.   i have a job in a supermarket.   i enjoy long films.   i enjoy living in florida keys.   baseball is the sport i enjoy the most.   i enjoy time on the water.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i enjoy going out to social events.   i enjoy being active outdoors.   i enjoy making food.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i graduated with a criminal justice degree.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i like to jam.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i enjoy erotic novels.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i succeed at the subjects algebra and biology.   i enjoy romance.   i have a job in the tech field.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt.   i enjoy wearing jeans and a t shirt.   i enjoy grunge music.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i enjoy jogging in the park every day.   i enjoy being in nature.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   i enjoy learning.   i enjoy video games.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i share my birthday with jesus.   japanese and italian are my favorite types of foods.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i enjoy performing theatrical songs.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i enjoy putting my nose in a book.   my job takes most of my time.   i enjoy catching my own food.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i enjoy my job in a coffee shop.   i enjoy language arts.   i like the theatrical showing of richard gere and julia roberts.   i like bee juice.   i enjoy being outdoors.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   my job helpe me teach kids.   i hate my old job.   i am an author because i am jobless.   i enjoy writing.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i enjoy hearing others stories.   i get around in a jaguar.   i jump out of airplanes.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i enjoy moving to music.   i enjoy snow.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i just left my teens.   i enjoy eating sweet natural foods.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i enjoy my job.   my job is in government relations.   my job requires me to be there three days a week.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i love jager.   i enjoy string instruments en masse.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   papa johns has the best entrees.   i enjoy music.   i enjoy being frightened.   i enjoy the outdoors.   i instruct people how to get fit as a job.   i enjoy going to other places.   i enjoy reading books.   i just brought a fishing vessel.   i enjoy smooth and calm music.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   when i loosen up i enjoy feeling free.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i enjoy fixing my brew.   i just sold my first painting !.   i enjoy growing my own food.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i never go to my job.   i enjoy naps here and there.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i enjoy exercising ,.   i enjoy going to see them occasionally.   i enjoy catching bass.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i just got a promotion.   i do not enjoy driving.   i enjoy dance.   i enjoy playing xbox.   i have not held a job.   i enjoy caring for pets.   i enjoy non fiction.   i just adopted a pet.   i enjoy making things.   i enjoy religion songs.   i enjoy team sports.   i enjoy creating small movies.   i enjoy musical instruments.   i enjoy music experiences.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i really enjoy savory flavors over sweet.   my partner has a customer service job.   i enjoy learning about railroads.   i have a family member just starting school.   i have a identical sibling , jane.   i just graduated finally done.   i am a junior in high school.   i enjoy playing for my high school team.   i like to eat jell o.   i enjoy wearing the color of lips.   i have a hard job.   i enjoy hip hop.   i enjoy nature.   my husband and i enjoy streaming tv online.   my mother has no job.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i jot down my thoughts.   i enjoy sweet sugary treats.   i enjoy creative activities while outdoors.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i love jesus.   i enjoy readin.   i enjoy suspense and thrillers.   i enjoy flying a kite.   i just moved here and want to meet new people.   my job is at nordstrom.   i have a job with a corporation.   i enjoy running.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i enjoy exercising.   just call me mom.   i enjoy making people pretty.   i enjoy wrestling.   i enjoy driving my vehicle.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i enjoy beer and wine.   i enjoy rural drives.   i enjoy streaming tv online.   i love japanese cuisine.   i enjoy going to football games.   i enjoy preparing meals.   i enjoy a certain kind of cookie.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !.   i enjoy eating meat from cows.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i just got a new computer and there is already a problem.   i like jazz.   hi there , people call me j and i come from texas.   i am still deciding what to major in.   i enjoy loud music.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i like my job.   my job involves saving lives.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   i enjoy life.   i enjoy living near the beach.   i just graduated high school.   i enjoy sketching humans.   my job entails writing.   i enjoy photography.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i enjoy inhaling tobacco.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i journal as often as i can.   i enjoy flying by plane.   my parents have high powered jobs.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i enjoy the water.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5.   i enjoy thrash metal.   i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i enjoy using my car.   i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   i enjoy the months of april and may.   i enjoying chatting with people i know.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i enjoy walking the trails.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy seafood.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i jog very far.   i enjoy flying planes.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty.   i enjoy games on a court.   i enjoy eating cow products.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i enjoy being active.   i enjoy being lazy in bed.   i have a crappy job at a fast food restaurant.   i love jalapenos.   i enjoy mimosas.   i enjoy the pool in the summer.   i drink magic bean juice every morning.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i enjoy being a parent.   i just got a house in europe.   i just turned 65 this past week.   i enjoy working with children.   i am a business major.   i have no injuries.   i enjoy hbo originals.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   i enjoy navigating a certain model of car.   i like to tell jokes.   i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.   my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i have a short commute to get to my job.   i just moved out of my parents to live on my own.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i visited europe in june.   i have a basic job.   after work i enjoy beautifying people.   when i was little i enjoyed clothes.   i enjoy swimming.   i enjoy spicy cuisine.   i enjoy kitties.   i enjoy seeing new places.   my father has a job on an oil rig.   my job is in healthcare.   i really enjoy physical sports.   i have a great job.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i really enjoy playing outdoor sports.   i enjoy staying in for meals.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   jamieson is my liquor of choice.   a good job for me would be one where i organize books.   i enjoy painting.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i enjoy lively music.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store.   i enjoy surfing.   i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild.   i enjoy long road trips.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i have a hectic job.   i always enjoyed science.   i just began telecommuting.   i had a tiresome job.   i enjoy art.   i enjoy this famous group of music that are in the 70s.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i enjoy the writing of jk rowling.   i enjoy sweet and earthy vegetables.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   i enjoy exploring.   i enjoy drawing.   i enjoy many books.   i enjoy viewing sci fi.   i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows.   i enjoy reading stories about magic.   i enjoy mozart.   i enjoy gardening.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i enjoy listening to popular songs.   i enjoy fast food.   i enjoy playing on the computer.   i take care of animals for my job.   i enjoy tart , sour flavors.   i really enjoy fruit.   i enjoy live productions.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i enjoy camping in the wild.   i enjoy having pets.   i like to cook with jalapenos.   i am a jock.   i enjoy apples.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i enjoy medical drama movies.   i want to jump out of plane.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i enjoy fantasy board games.   i enjoy dancing in a crowd.   i actually enjoy studying.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i love to jog when the moon is out.   i do not like my job.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i am a fitness junkie.   i feel drawn to many objects.   i enjoy eating white carbs.   i enjoy eating to match my work out.   i do not enjoy using acrylics.   i really enjoy italian cuisine.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i have a full time job.   my job is in the financial field.   i enjoy playing music.   i have a job in finance.   i enjoying going on the sand.   i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.   i enjoy club beats.   my job is now at the library.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i enjoy water sports.   i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am just beginning my twenties.   i enjoy doing art.   i have deja vu.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout.   i enjoy collecting from one of my favorite shows.   i enjoy the fried potatoes made by the ray kroc restaurants.   i enjoy short sleeps.   i enjoy aggressive bands.   my job can be described as clerical.   i just adopted a some kittens.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites.   i enjoy horror novels.   when it snows i enjoy outdoor sports.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i enjoy rock bands.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i enjoy massages.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   i enjoy the ocean.   i enjoy laughing.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i enjoy manicures.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay.   i enjoy alternative rock music.   i am relocating for a job.   i see some interesting people at my job.   i enjoy cycling.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i like to listen to mick jagger group.   i have a job in a coffee shop.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i enjoy light exercise outside.   i am a disc jockey on air.   i enjoy being alone.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   jailhouse rock is such a great song.   my job is important.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i enjoy super hero movies.   i like cutting my own jeans.   i enjoy outdoor sports.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   eating is something i enjoy.   i really enjoy crafting.   i love to jog.   i enjoy the cooler seasons.   i want to be a jetsetter.   i enjoy funny things.   i recently received a promotion at my job.   i want my bf to get a new job.   i just became single my girl left me.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   i enjoy being on the water.   i enjoy the swimmers that are stif.   i enjoy riding waves on a board.   i enjoy playing in music class.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading.   i enjoy my job in branding.   i have just started school.   jane austen is my favorite author.   he loves his job.   i enjoy fishing.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting.   i enjoy viewing cinematic performances on a box at home.   i enjoy musicals.   i enjoy helping animals.   i enjoy sports.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i have just completed my education.   i enjoy working.   i judge people on their looks.   i am a ninja.   i enjoy seeing live music. 
teenage	 i was a teenager when i first saw my mom.   we have one preteen and one teenage child.   the woman passed away when i was a teenager.   i am a typical teenager.   my boyfriend from my teenage years and i wed. 
son and daughter	 i have a son and daughter.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband. 
smell	 the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i like smelly fruit. 
coldness	 the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games. 
draws	 the smell of the ice and the coldness in the area draws me to games. 
focused	 when i was in college i focused on commercial courses. 
commerce	 i work in commerce. 
courses	 when i was in college i focused on commercial courses. 
skin	 i have pale skin.   i jam on the skins.   i am skinny.   i like the pigskin.   i like the pigskin sport.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i like to ink my skin.   i am all skin and bones. 
animal product	 i do not eat animal products.   i do not eat animals or any animal products.   i do not eat any animals or animal products like cheese.   i dislike animal products.   i do not eat meat or use animal products. 
blue	 i cannot see the difference between blue and purple.   i like the blues.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   i really dislike things that are blue.   my seeing devices are not blue or brown.   i like both red and blue.   i do not like blue.   i have blue eyes.   i like blues and similar stuff. 
loud music	 i enjoy loud music.   i like to listen to loud music. 
hippo	 i would like to return to the living as a hippo. 
mixing	 i like mixing things together to my preference. 
tobacco products	 i like to use tobacco products everyday. 
express	 i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   i teach kids how to be creative and express themselves.   i express myself through writing.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   my self expression is typically through painting. 
car industry	 my father was in the car industry. 
old things	 i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i like old things.   my bro studies old things. 
action figure	 i have action figures. 
shelves	 when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished.   i can reach things on high shelves. 
burgers	 i do not eat burgers.   i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living.   my favorite food is cheeseburgers. 
egg	 i love eating an egg.   i do not eat meat but eggs , cheese and milk are fine.   i like veggies. 
digital currency	 i am involved with digital currency. 
feels	 i wonder what it feels like to be a short lady ?. 
global cuisine	 i like to make all kinds of global cuisine. 
curling iron	 i do not need a curling iron. 
twenties	 i am in my mid twenties.   i am just beginning my twenties.   i am no longer in my twenties. 
limited	 my social life is limited for the time being. 
bother	 things bother me frequently. 
pray	 i pray every day and go to church every week. 
church	 i pray every day and go to church every week.   i attend church regularly. 
bone	 i fractured my bone.   i am all skin and bones. 
entails	 my job entails writing. 
burn	 i burned down part of cali.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i burn water. 
order	 i like to visit the border.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i might have an eating disorder.   i am ordered.   i love ordering from amazon. 
sharpen	 i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills. 
brilliant	 i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant. 
taker	 she is a caretaker.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker. 
picture	 i like my picture.   i love taking pictures.   i would like to be a brilliant picture taker.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i like to take pictures. 
law	 my mother is in law.   my dad used to work in law enforcement.   i am a lawyer.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i work in a lawyers firm.   my mom and dad have a degree in law.   my new work consists of law.   i practice law.   i cut the lawn next door from me.   i am in law school.   i work with lawyers.   i work in law enforcement.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i used to b a lawyer. 
pharmacist	 i am a pharmacist. 
biggest	 i am the biggest kid.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness. 
follow	 i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30.   i did not follow what my parents wanted of me.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i follow nick. 
haver	 i haver been to the pool. 
different things	 i love to eat different things.   i do some different things. 
gossiping	 my favorite pastime is gossiping. 
style	 i daydream about a fancier lifestyle.   i like small hairstyles.   my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i have a very specific sense of style.   i tend to prefer older style things.   my hairstyle flows with my lengthy locks.   i have a good sense of style.   i am very trendy with my personal style.   i love to design my own styles.   i am still getting used to the lifestyle of california after living in japan for so long.   i do not like to change my style. 
guy	 i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i saw that guy from the tonight show in real life !.   i like the guy that plays in mobster rolls.   i work regular hours just like the guy next to me.   i dig huge guys. 
tickle	 i have been known to tickle the ivories. 
ivories	 i have been known to tickle the ivories. 
falling out	 my hair is falling out. 
gardening	 i do not like gardening.   i enjoy gardening. 
flew	 i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times. 
127	 i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times. 
tattoos	 i like to get tattoos. 
body art	 i love body art.   i like body art. 
barista	 i am a barista. 
landlord	 i am also a landlord. 
global	 i like to make all kinds of global cuisine.   i work in the finance market , but on global scale. 
scale	 i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i will scale a mountain. 
scale	 i work in the finance market , but on global scale.   i like scale replicas of buildings.   i will scale a mountain. 
proficiency	 i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant. 
ski	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i am a skilled craftsman.   i have pale skin.   i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i reside on the outskirts of a city know as beantown.   i jam on the skins.   i am skinny.   i wear skirts.   i have strong social skills and love to chat with my many companions.   i like the pigskin.   i enjoy skiing and snowboarding.   i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school.   i like the pigskin sport.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i have a ski house in colorado.   i like to ink my skin.   i am all skin and bones.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   i love to ski.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   i ruined my body on skis.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up. 
mouth	 i enjoy making music with my mouth. 
noah	 zach , ryan and noah are at school. 
journal	 i am a journalist.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   one day i hope i can be a journalist.   i journal as often as i can. 
motel	 i am employed at a motel. 
service industry	 i have a night job in the service industry. 
south korea	 my favorite bands are from south korea. 
tan	 my brothers wife has tanked.   i am above the standard height of a us male.   i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   my partner totally does not understand.   i cannot stand the heat.   i am an accountant.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i live in a stand alone.   i reside in manhattan.   i like distance from society.   reality tv that requires talent of the contestants is enjoyable.   i constantly have feelings of anger.   health is important to me.   my management role is very important to me.   i can not stand wearing my glasses.   i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting.   my career is very important to me.   i want to stand out from a crowd.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   commitment is important to me.   my work in the lab was always most important to me.   i have a long distance relationship.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   the approval of my family is important to me.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   i am tan.   i want to fix a mustang.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i am in a long distance relationship.   i cannot stand the smell or taste of java.   i am accountant.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i am distant.   i stand out among my surroundings.   i do not understand that.   i prefer to keep my distance from others.   i try to avoid driving short distances when able.   education is important to me.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.   i drive long distances for work.   i cannot stand winters.   my job is important.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i cannot stand clutter. 
fashion	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i have an interesting fashion sense.   i am really in to fashion.   fashion is one of my favorite hobbies.   i enjoy being old fashion.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries. 
lenses	 i sport trendy lenses. 
formal events	 i go to a lot of formal events. 
un	 i was a really good runner when i was younger.   i like fluid from out of country.   i dislike orange vegetables from the ground.   i am a current resident in the united state.   guns and roses is my favorite band.   las vegas was my stomping ground when i was young.   sports are fun.   i work in the country.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i live in the country.   i love to be under water.   i have a passion for feeding the hungry.   i volunteer at a dog rescue.   i like to help out in the community.   i am form out of country.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i am a natural brunette.   dancing is fun to me.   i am around people all day.   i do not like to be around people.   i am bound to a wheelchair.   i did not graduate from university.   i am a student at the university.   i enjoy listening to grunge bands.   i have been in the country all my life.   mediterranean food is my go to lunch.   i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   there was little love in my house when i was young.   my radio is usually tuned into a country station.   i like to be around books.   i always volunteer to bring the dessert to a birthday party.   my mother tells fortunes.   i have two younger brothers.   i enjoy going outdoors every saturday or sunday.   my partner totally does not understand.   i like tv and running outside.   i am an accountant.   i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i work with young children.   i am in a university.   i play around with candies a lot.   i am very active in the community.   i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   i enjoy going for a short run.   i am going down under to see my fiance.   i serve at the davenport lounge.   i wish i could help those that are less fortunate more.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i am currently attend indiana university.   i enlighten young minds.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   the ocean is a great place to have fun.   i am a young professional.   i enjoy the sun.   i am a game hunter.   i have some problems with pronunciation.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i volunteer as much as possible.   i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   i enjoy being around animals.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   my spouse runs a car fixing business.   i am a parent twice both children are young.   i almost always run into arguments.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   dolls are fun to play with.   i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing.   the home of country music is where i reside.   i cannot wait until i am not 7 anymore.   i walked through the mountains from georgia to tennessee.   i am uncool.   when i was younger i ran everyday.   i enjoy grunge music.   i became unemployed from the bank recently.   spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun.   i fly around the country for work.   this is my first year at new york university.   i need to get a tune up.   i protect my country.   i teach sun salutations.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i am about five inches under six feet , height wise.   i reside in the sunshine state.   i love those nerdy and funny television shows.   i live for sunshine !.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i lived in the country when i was younger.   i get around in a jaguar.   i am employed at fun city.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i love to run.   i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday.   i use a uni bike.   there are no opportunities in my career.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have fond memories of tales spun to me by my parents just before falling into slumber.   i run a little shop on main street.   i like to get drunk and grub.   acoustic sounds so good.   i enjoy listening to some good tunes.   i enjoy cruising around on a flat board with four wheels.   i educate young children.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle.   i found some great gold studs today.   i work with young athletes.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i hate the country music.   i am a disgruntled worker.   walking through the mall is fun.   being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun.   i love dark colors , especially the shade of the ny jets uniforms.   i used to live in the mountains.   i think what goes around comes around.   i get awkward around people.   i punch in every day.   twins seem to run in my family.   drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i like the capital of grunge.   i volunteer at an animal shelter.   i won sports games when i was younger.   i took ballet lessons when i was young.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i run to keep active.   i need to loose ten pounds.   i found my spouse at a musical performance by a boy band.   i am a junior in high school.   as a kid i lived in southern united states.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i love grunge metal.   i have dark and unique features.   i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol.   i do not really understand vegetarians.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i have my own home with lots of trees around it.   i am staying at home with my family until i graduate.   i used to live out of the country.   i am the parent of a pair of young kids.   making cookies is fun.   i enjoy running.   my spouse is unemployed.   i got bullied when i was younger.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i have lost all my money and rebounded.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i am under forty six.   i always hoped to help sick people when i was younger.   i sound like the stars.   i like to travel to other countries.   i like to view flims from different countries.   i was orphaned at a young age.   i own a vacation home for part of the year in cancun.   i happen to love being around others.   i am the youngest.   females from other countries are pretty.   i really like coming up with unique culinary creations.   i am a young girl.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i like to have fun.   i enjoy educating the younger generations.   i like to toss around the pig skin.   i like mountain sports.   i have a proficiency for foreign communications and am brilliant.   i have an un curable illness.   i move around the world a lot.   i am almost done with university.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i am emotionally unstable.   i recently left the university.   i spent my entire life in the sunflower state.   i like to move around.   my career is in communications and advertising.   i like to listen to loud sounds.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i used to live in a different country.   i have not been north of the united states.   i used to run track in high school.   i feel a little bit chunky.   i like thunder storms.   my laptop does not always function as quickly as i would like.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i am unique.   i hate sounds.   i love being surrounded by nature.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i am a part time bouncer.   i like to drive with the sun shining on me.   i have a permit to hunt deer.   i like to walk in the mountains.   i work with fun things.   i seem to never stop getting drunk.   i labor as a funny person in a act.   i am accountant.   i visited europe in june.   my goal is to travel in uncharted territory.   i will scale a mountain.   i have a bunch of kids.   i came to the united sates when i was fourteen.   i do not understand sarcasm.   i want to travel to another country.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i belong to a country club.   i enjoy listening to pop punk music.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   you can see me in the background in some movies.   i like going for a run.   when i was young i really enjoyed comics.   i work for dunder mifflin.   i rest in a bedroom for someone younger.   i read a lot of young adult fiction.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i want to volunteer more.   my favorite type of exercise is running.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i stand out among my surroundings.   i do not understand that.   i enjoy the quiet of evenings but i also like the warmth of the sun.   i like meat in a bun.   i have been around the world.   i am always hungry.   i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise.   i hate the long run.   i am a fitness junkie.   i always found video games to be fun.   i am a disgruntled technology worker.   i am young.   i really pound out notes on the keyboard.   i like funk rock.   i run the till at a couple of places.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i like country music.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution.   i am unhealthy.   i now live on the other side of the country.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i travel to other places around the world.   i currently reside in the country to our north.   i saw the sun change with out help.   i move around a lot.   i enjoy accounting and finance.   i like punk rock.   most of my friends are very happy to be around me.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   i was in an accident when i was younger.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently.   i do not like country.   i enjoyed reading as a young girl.   i love country music.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe.   i am not as young as i used to be.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i like bands like the counting crows.   i get anxiety around people.   i ride around selling books.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun.   i have a young kid.   lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection.   i enjoy funny things.   on saturdays and sundays , i spend the day in the forest with a local birding group.   i rock out to old tunes.   i am younger than 30.   i am a young child.   i love being out in the sunshine with my toys.   i teach young children.   i volunteer with dogs and cats.   my parents are in the military and i move around a lot.   i punch numbers for a living.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   i have a lot of park space surrounding my house.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i like to be surrounded by nature.   i enjoy modern punk bands.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   males run in my family.   my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.   i like funny shows.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
curable	 i have an un curable illness. 
self	 i am selfish.   i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i need to educate myself more.   i have high ambitions for myself.   i have no self control when it comes to candy.   i am self conscious about my looks.   i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words.   i keep myself physically fit.   i enjoy expressing myself through painting and sculpting.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i am very hard on myself and have low self esteem.   i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself.   i can pass myself off as a native berliner.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   i am doing well for myself.   i am self published online.   i like to educate myself.   i work for myself.   i cook for myself.   i consider myself to be highly intelligent.   i could not imagine better people to surround myself with.   i cant stand to jog but i push myself.   i am very self conscious.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   my goal is to be able to defend myself.   my favorite singer is ole blues himself.   when i am cleaning myself i turn on pop music.   i like to present my self as well taken cared of.   i express myself through writing.   music and dance are also ways to express yourself.   i consider my self to be a republican.   i do not feel very good about myself.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   my self expression is typically through painting.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently. 
flying by	 i enjoy flying by plane. 
instrumental songs	 i love instrumental songs. 
jobs	 i work many odd jobs.   my parents have high powered jobs.   my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns. 
sports car	 i cruise in a rebuilt sports car.   i want to purchase a sports car. 
hero	 batman is my favorite hero.   i enjoy comic book heroes.   i like superhero movies.   when i was little i would dress like a superhero.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   i like comic book heroes.   i like creating superheroes.   i enjoy super hero movies. 
villain	 i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain. 
mba	 i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   i am working on my mba.   i got my mba last year. 
girls sports	 i am in charge of coaching girls sports. 
agree	 some fruit does not agree with me but it is not that bad. 
casual	 i am a casual athlete. 
65	 i am over 65 and no longer have to work.   i just turned 65 this past week. 
cages	 i work in cages. 
eater	 i have a couple of male siblings greater in age than me.   i am a big eater.   i am not a picky eater.   i have a beater of a ride. 
red and blue	 i like both red and blue. 
winter	 i like winter sports.   winter is my favorite season.   i enjoy winter sports like skiing.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i cannot stand winters.   i really do not like cold winters.   the winter holidays have always been my favorite. 
maroon 5	 the lead singer of maroon 5 is so fine.   i am going to make a project based on maroon 5. 
welfare	 i am a recipient of welfare. 
sunflower	 i spent my entire life in the sunflower state. 
small farm	 i live on a small farm. 
commercial license	 i have a commercial license. 
absorb	 i like to absorb written materials. 
nurse	 i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   my mom was a nurse at the hospital.   i am a nurse in the emergency room. 
trauma	 i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations. 
situations	 i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i am energized by social situations. 
fall asleep	 studying peoples lives helps me fall asleep. 
simple	 i enjoy simple but filling foods.   my job is fairly simple and not very exciting. 
filling	 i enjoy simple but filling foods.   i am employed at the filling summit less than forty hours per week. 
beginner	 i am a beginner guitarist. 
throw	 i hate throwing out plastic.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i like to throw the rod.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i like throwing cash at my passions.   i am and excellent ball thrower. 
musicians	 the best musicians were rockers from the 60s.   i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember. 
ocean creatures	 one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures. 
crime investigations	 i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations. 
museum	 i love going to the museum. 
attorneys	 my mom and dad are both attorneys. 
lawyer	 i am a lawyer.   my significant other is a lawyer.   i work in a lawyers firm.   i work with lawyers.   i am a lawyer for the state.   i used to b a lawyer. 
executive	 my male mate is the chief executive officer of the place with the chalupas. 
manager	 i am going out with my manager. 
chef	 i am a chef at a restaurant.   i am a chef.   i am practically a chef !.   my mother is the greatest chef in the world.   it is known that i am a good chef.   i am a chef and a painter.   i like to go out for food because i am not a chef. 
impaling	 i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook. 
hook	 i enjoy being outdoors and impaling scaly water dwellers with my hook.   my folks hooked up at a rock concert. 
may	 i enjoy the months of april and may.   i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist. 
competitive	 in my youth i could spell competitively.   i am a competitive swimmer.   i am very competitive.   i am a competitive dancer. 
chatting	 i enjoying chatting with people i know. 
regal cinema	 every friday i am at regal cinema. 
lins	 i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. 
boss	 my boss said i needed to step up my game.   i can spit rhymes like a boss.   i am my own boss. 
racket sport	 i am very good at most racket sports. 
price	 i like the price before 8. 
itch	 the kitchen is my domain.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i like to be in the kitchen.   i practice witchcraft but no one knows.   i got hitched to my high school sweetheart and we now have several children.   i like itches.   i like loud pitched singing.   i am a pitcher.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my dad loved being in the kitchen. 
mermaids	 mermaids are my favorite. 
spirit	 i am a spiritual person. 
lion king	 my favorite movie is lion king. 
digits	 i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am missing digits.   my digits are large. 
summers	 i like to hike in the summers. 
trails	 i enjoy walking the trails. 
dancers	 i like dancers. 
cheddar sauce	 i love to eat pasta in a cheddar sauce. 
download	 i download videos online. 
dust	 i am employees in the baking industry.   i am in the sanitation industry.   my family is in the medical industry.   i am in the advertising industry.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the healthcare industry.   my father was in the car industry.   i am allergic to dust.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   my career is in the banking industry.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i am employed in the food industry.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i sneeze in dusty places.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
dust	 i am employees in the baking industry.   i am in the sanitation industry.   my family is in the medical industry.   i am in the advertising industry.   i work in the media and publishing industry.   i work in the gaming industry.   i work in the healthcare industry.   my father was in the car industry.   i am allergic to dust.   in my past , i was in the gambling industry.   my career is in the banking industry.   i studied finance in school and now work in the industry.   i am employed in the food industry.   i have a night job in the service industry.   i enjoy the fashion and beauty industries.   i sneeze in dusty places.   my bil is in the entertainment industry. 
pick	 i pick up the drinks.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   my puppy picked my two soulmates.   trying to pick my major is hard.   i love pick ups.   i drive a pick up.   i do not pick the right people.   the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons.   i am not a picky eater. 
busy	 my pub is in a busy part of the city.   my children keep me busy.   i like to stay busy. 
posting	 i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun. 
everyday life	 i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun. 
camper	 i love being in my camper in the middle of the woods. 
replicas	 i like scale replicas of buildings. 
playstation	 i work for playstation. 
ups	 i enjoy being around large groups at parties.   sarah is upstairs.   i love rock music , especially boy groups.   i love heavy rock groups.   my mom stays upstairs.   i love pick ups.   i used to live in upstate new york. 
kit	 the kitchen is my domain.   i had several kittens.   i have way too many kittens.   the pitbull i have weighs twice as much as the kitten in the house.   i am a fantastic person in the kitchen.   i like to work in the kitchen on the weekend.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i have a kitten with a sci fi name.   i like to work in the kitchen.   my job is on the line in a kitchen.   i have a army of kittens.   my kitten has a name.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i like to be in the kitchen.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   kittens irritate my allergies.   i keep many kittens.   i enjoy flying a kite.   i have a pet kitten.   i drive a dark 4x4 with a lift kit.   i own a kitty who has the same name as a president.   i named my kitten after a jazz musician.   i enjoy kitties.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   i love preparing food in the kitchen.   i just adopted a some kittens.   i call my kitten katie jane.   i am really good in the kitchen.   my dad loved being in the kitchen. 
american made	 i prefer american made trucks.   i like american made cars. 
recovery	 i am in recovery so i do not drink. 
mustang	 i want to fix a mustang. 
assassins creed	 i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty. 
call of duty	 i enjoy assassins creed and call of duty. 
chubby	 i am chubby. 
bakery	 i work in a bakery.   i am a driver for a local bakery. 
court	 i enjoy games on a court.   i like to do court games. 
lebron	 lebron is my favorite player. 
watch espn	 i watch espn. 
bouquet	 i love to receive bouquets. 
design	 i love to redesign houses.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i love to design.   i am a graphic designer.   i am enrolled in a design college.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer.   i love to design my own styles. 
pitched	 i like loud pitched singing. 
high rise	 i live in a high rise.   my family and i reside in a high rise. 
lizards	 i own a couple lizards.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies. 
dog trainer	 i want to be a dog trainer. 
edgy	 i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities. 
assign	 i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities. 
labels	 i assign edgy labels that allow others find good qualities. 
computer art	 i work in computer art animation. 
lookout	 i am on the lookout for a new partner. 
kitty	 i own a kitty who has the same name as a president. 
doll	 dolls are fun to play with.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills. 
president	 i own a kitty who has the same name as a president. 
president	 i own a kitty who has the same name as a president. 
shellfish	 i am allergic to shellfish. 
track	 i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i used to run track in high school.   i keep track of sport stats. 
bike riding	 i like bike riding. 
needles	 i like making clothes with needles and thread. 
thread	 i like making clothes with needles and thread.   my threads are light. 
reading classic	 i love reading classic english literature. 
race	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i like to embrace my day.   i am a professional car racer.   i am not vey graceful.   i have a race mobile.   i am a marathoner who races biannually. 
sporting event	 my afternoons consist of sporting events. 
english literature	 i love reading classic english literature. 
pupils	 my pupils are hazel. 
watch	 i watch kids.   i like to watch sports.   i enjoy watching animated films.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i like watching equestrian sports.   i do not like to watch tv.   i watch performing arts.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i like to watch tv.   i like to watch dressage.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i love watching nfl.   i watch a lot of funny tv.   i like to watch movies.   i like watching college sports.   i watch cnn every day.   i like watching videos online.   i never watch tv.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i like to watch foreign television.   i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i like to watch tv programs that depict crime investigations.   i watch espn.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i like to watch basketball.   i love to watch gameshows and mysteries.   i like to spend the weekend watching films at home.   i love watching movies.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others.   i love to watch tv.   i watched a total eclipsed when i was young.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   on the weekends i watch events.   i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix.   i like watching television shows with men in them.   i love to watch scary things.   i watch cartoons still.   i watch the voice evey week.   i watch too much television.   i like to watch notre dame games and jacksonville jaguar games.   i could watch the alen and predator movies every week.   i watch television.   i can watch tv for hours.   i like watching sports.   i like watching the nfl. 
monster	 i think most scary monsters are serious.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic. 
chunky	 i feel a little bit chunky. 
clear	 i like clear drinks.   i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. 
professional athlete	 my sibling is a professional athlete.   i would love to be a professional athlete. 
obnoxious	 my eyewear is so obnoxious. 
storms	 i like thunder storms. 
wind	 i enjoy alcohol to unwind.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i have tons of sand dollars in my window sills.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   my home is in the windy city. 
section	 i work in the kids section at the local library. 
section	 i work in the kids section at the local library. 
humor	 i use humor as a response to serious situations. 
response	 i use humor as a response to serious situations. 
searching	 i have been researching options to get a new pet.   i am searching for a new career challenge.   i am searching for a person.   my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment. 
belt	 i prefer wearing a belt.   when i am alone i belt out the most beautiful songs. 
triplets	 i am married with triplets. 
unhealthy foods	 i consume unhealthy foods. 
helmet	 i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals. 
field goal	 i like bats and bases more than helmets and field goals. 
nicholas	 my parents named me nicholas. 
jalapenos	 i love jalapenos.   i like to cook with jalapenos. 
fifth	 my mother teaches band to fifth graders.   this our fifth year anniversary. 
graders	 my mother teaches band to fifth graders. 
adorable	 i have an adorable dog. 
department	 i am college student in biology department. 
student loans	 i have a lot of student loans. 
contact	 i have to put in my contacts every morning.   i am in contact with my old lover. 
old lover	 i am in contact with my old lover. 
piece of land	 i own a piece of land. 
sew	 i like to sew things.   i sew my own shirts. 
tarts	 pop starts seriously mean a lot to me.   baking tarts relaxes me. 
pie	 i love my puppies.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i have puppies.   i have multiple puppies.   i have a hippie personality.   i enjoy many types of singing and instrumental pieces.   i am a recipient of welfare.   i like puppies.   i like sliced pies.   i own a piece of land.   i wish to make large pieces of painted art.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star. 
checkout	 i work at a checkout. 
germany	 i have not seen germany.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon. 
pitcher	 i am a pitcher. 
moa	 i find moa to be interesting. 
spanish culture	 i appreciate the spanish culture. 
ela	 i have tons of relatives.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i am relaxed.   i am not in a relationship but i would like one.   i had great role models when it comes to relationships.   i am the baby of all my relatives.   my job is in government relations.   i am related to a star.   i am a freelance artist.   i make few , but very solid , relationships.   i have a long distance relationship.   i do not like relationships.   i am in a relationship.   i do not have any older relatives.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   i do not want a relationship.   my relative knows how to go fishing.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i have a relaxing career.   i do not have a relationship with my sibling.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i am in a long distance relationship.   my relatives do not like my wife.   i am not in a relationship.   i like to relax.   i have bad luck with relationships.   i do not have romantic relationships.   i have a relative who is employed at a electronics store.   i have a better relationship with mom , as opposed to my dad.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing.   all of my relatives have a lengthy stature.   i have been in a relationship for many years. 
upstate new york	 i used to live in upstate new york. 
backyard	 i have red flowers in my backyard. 
yard	 i have roses in my yard.   i have red flowers in my backyard. 
farming	 farming vegetables left. 
twelfth grade	 i have a diploma from completing the twelfth grade. 
turned	 i have returned from visiting england.   i just turned 65 this past week. 
ditzy	 i am ditzy. 
bouncer	 i am a part time bouncer. 
part time	 i am a part time bouncer.   i am a part time service worker. 
chew	 chocolate chewy baked squares are the most delicious treat ever.   i like soda and stuff i can chew. 
shining	 i like to drive with the sun shining on me. 
missouri	 i currently reside in missouri. 
hunt deer	 i have a permit to hunt deer. 
trails	 i enjoy walking the trails. 
sausage	 sausage and pepperoni are my favorite toppings. 
business major	 i am a business major. 
statues	 i really like to look at paintings and statues. 
thin	 i do not think i could have romantic feelings for a person smaller than myself.   i like to learn new things.   i studied clothing designs but never used it.   i do not like to be out with nothing around me.   i have slightly different taste in things than most people.   i like to buy things.   i love anything dairy !.   i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i like to make things with my hands.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   i think i can be a good role model for youngsters.   graphic novels are my favorite thing to aquire.   i think you need to be very carful with the things you allow into your body.   i love to see things grow.   i think most scary monsters are serious.   i would do anything for my parent.   i like things that are not complicated.   i am usually doing something online.   i love bright clothing.   i want t o travel and make things.   i ate anything i saw before , i just eat things from roots these days.   i enjoy making clothing.   friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i work hard at my job , but am more of a dauber than anything.   i love making things.   i sustain from anything toxic.   i like to eat the same thing as ninja turtles.   i decorate my home with particular things.   i think i am getting engaged soon.   certain things freak me out.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i did something i regret.   i prefer things to be authentic.   i intentionally say things that are not funny.   i like soothing images.   i am very good at certain things.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i like to do other things but add.   i come from spain , but most of my friend think i am from italy.   i like to eat things fro kfc.   i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.   the taste of hops and barley is something i could do without.   i like to set things up.   last month i got involved with doing all things creative.   i often wear dark clothing.   vegetables in general are not my thing.   how the country is ran is something that i dabble in.   i need things done my way.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i just discovered a famous singer i knew nothing about.   i think what goes around comes around.   i enjoy teaching things to children.   i sense things others can not.   going to restaurants is one of my favorite things to do.   i am not particularly good at any one thing.   i like to mix clothing styles.   i am employed from within my residence.   i enjoy making things.   i love eating sugary things.   i love trying new things.   that thing is not large enough.   i wanted something other than red to color my fingers.   i like to eat greasy things.   my favorite candy is anything stretchy.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i was named something pretty common.   i give credence to made up stories , choosing to accept that there is truth within them.   pizza is my favorite thing to eat.   i really enjoy doing artistic things.   i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap.   keeping things tidy makes me feel good.   my twins help me with everything and a place to stay.   i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are.   i prefer things be straight to the point.   i turn things into art.   i think novels written by george orwell are very meaningful.   i hate shelled things.   i always had excellent grades so i think i will get into a good college.   i think i am a fantastic singer.   grass , money and peas remind me of things that i like.   i think comedy films are great.   i detest anything to do with going fast on legs.   my car is not anything too fancy.   i only buy things on the internet.   i can run a long distance within 240 seconds.   i prefer to adorn myself with things that compliment my skin tone.   i eat italian food more than anything else.   i got named something pretty common.   my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango.   my car is nothing fancy.   i am controlled by other things.   i really dislike things that are blue.   i like mixing things together to my preference.   i do not eat meat or anything made from animals.   i regularly attend places that sell old things.   i have a lot of money and like to buy expensive things.   things bother me frequently.   i love to eat different things.   bow and arrows is something i could do all day.   i enjoy reading things that have long story lins.   i tend to prefer older style things.   i think posting pics on facebook of my everyday life is fun.   i like to grow things.   i would prefer to watch a movie about monsters over something romantic.   i put my all in something i have to have.   i want people to think i am always happy.   i like to sew things.   i do some different things.   i enjoy naming my pets random things.   i like things beside soda.   i prefer thin crust.   i work with fun things.   i enjoy things of an artistic nature.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   mexican food is something that i enjoy eating.   i work well when i can organize things.   i like have things in my body.   i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i enjoy clothing with logos on it.   eating snacks in the park is one of my favorite things.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   my family is everything to me.   being a character is something i love.   i have a way i prefer to do things.   there is nothing like my mother.   i like old things.   i wear dark clothing.   i am allergic to almost everything.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i love to watch scary things.   i enjoy when things are not crazy.   fire breathing lizards fuel my fantasies.   i do not like anything made from a tomato.   i love learning about new things.   i like reading more than anything.   i have random things i like to do.   my bro studies old things.   nothing beats the city of lights.   i can reach things on high shelves.   eating is something i enjoy.   i enjoy funny things.   i enjoy things that live in nature.   when it is warm out , i like to build things.   i like bright colored things.   i want to be thinner.   i can not see things that are far away.   i like sports , especially anything involving a ball.   i love fruit more than anything.   i like anything made from italy.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything.   i have a new young dog who is yellow and likes to retrieve things.   i am open to anything besides the hillbilly stuff. 
hbo	 my neighborhood can get loud late.   i live in a quiet neighborhood.   i have a job in a nice neighborhood.   i like in a neighborhood full of celebrities.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i enjoy hbo originals.   my next door neighbors shout so loud i hear everything. 
originals	 i enjoy hbo originals. 
knights	 i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times. 
sis	 my sister has lots of kids.   i have 3 brothers and sisters.   i stay in an assistant living facility.   my sister has children.   i am a solipsist and you are all fictitious.   i have no sisters or brothers.   my four sisters are older than me.   my brothers and sisters are very supportive.   i am the first born son of many brothers and sisters.   i have an older brother and an older sister.   i am an admin assistant at an office that insures people.   i live very close to my sister.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   my sis is a rock star.   i am an older sister.   my family assists me.   my new work consists of law.   i have 6 brothers and sisters.   to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist.   my afternoons consist of sporting events.   i do not have any brothers or sisters. 
fun things	 i work with fun things. 
clowns	 my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns. 
prizes	 i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music. 
navigating	 i enjoy navigating a certain model of car. 
colonel	 i am a retired colonel. 
family name	 my name is a family name. 
heal	 i race large felines who are in captivity to remain healthy.   i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   my mother works in healthcare.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   health is important to me.   i am in school to be a healer.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i like healthy activities.   i attempt to maintain a healthy diet.   i work in the healthcare industry.   i do not eat healthy.   i consume unhealthy foods.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   i want to be done with school and heal people.   helping heal people is my profession.   my job is in healthcare.   i work in healthcare.   i like to eat healthy foods.   i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels.   i am unhealthy.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets.   i care about my health. 
clydesdale	 i named my clydesdale mr ed. 
mr ed	 i named my clydesdale mr ed. 
daffodils	 roses and daffodils are the best. 
profession	 i want to sing professionally.   i would love to be a professional.   i have a professional job.   i am a young professional.   i play professional basketball.   i am a professional car racer.   i help people in the medical profession.   i want to be a professional ballerina.   i aspire to be a professional musician.   i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me.   i play basketball professionally.   my sibling is a professional athlete.   i am a professional musician , i won some prizes for music.   helping heal people is my profession.   i an a professional painter.   i would love to be a professional athlete.   i am a professional freight driver. 
cubs	 i am a cubs fan. 
care of	 i take care of people.   my mom takes care of my grandma.   i help take care of pets.   i like to take care of pets.   i take care of my body.   i take care of my kids during the day.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   i take care of animals for my job.   i stay home and take care of the kids.   i take care of lost pets. 
gummy bears	 i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. 
parcels	 my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. 
offices	 my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. 
drop off	 my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. 
saying	 we are saying i do in the central valley. 
child actor	 i was a child actor. 
actor	 i am an aspiring actor.   i was a kid actor.   i was a child actor.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   channing tatum is the best actor !. 
tim mcgraw	 i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts. 
rascal flatts	 i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts. 
labor	 i labor as a funny person in a act.   my parents were labor workers.   i am a labor worker. 
funny person	 i labor as a funny person in a act. 
java	 i cannot stand the smell or taste of java. 
exist	 big plates of with h20 make my existence possible.   my existence is a tardy one.   being a parent is a core part of my existence.   i need caffeine to exist.   i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist.   i think that some mythical creatures exist. 
gameshows	 i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. 
mysteries	 i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. 
skip	 i took an intelligence test and got to skip middle school. 
rhyme	 i can make words rhyme.   i can spit rhymes like a boss. 
accomplished	 i am an accomplished lyricist. 
love football	 i love football. 
designer	 i am a graphic designer.   my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.   i went to new york city to become a famous designer. 
paints	 i love the man who paints landscapes on television. 
metropolis	 i reside in a large metropolis. 
youth	 in my youth i could spell competitively.   my youth was spent in the public housing in a major city in illinois.   i used to be an actor in my youth.   i become marry in my youth. 
single parent	 i am a single parent of boys.   i grew up in a single parent house hold. 
uncharted	 my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. 
territory	 my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. 
dubai	 i go to dubai. 
climb	 i like climbing.   i like to climb.   my folks are very good climbers. 
climbing	 i like climbing. 
mountain sport	 i like mountain sports. 
in touch	 i like to stay in touch with the world. 
vet	 i am a veteran.   i am a vet tech.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   i work at a veterinarians office. 
altitude	 my house is in a high altitude location. 
location	 i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   my house is in a high altitude location. 
serena williams	 i am a huge serena williams fan.   serena williams is my favorite athlete. 
lilies	 i like lilies a lot. 
wild beast	 i killed a wild beast. 
molds	 i like to interact with molds. 
mushy	 i really like mushy foods. 
northeast	 i spent my formative years in the northeast. 
safety	 i am employed in animal safety and rescue. 
angered	 i am easily angered. 
relax	 i am relaxed.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   i enjoy relaxing and getting flowers.   i have a relaxing career.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i like to relax.   i spend my afternoon hours relaxing. 
dropped out	 i dropped out of school. 
dilapidated	 my method of transportation is dilapidated. 
gone	 i have gone across the ocean. 
tackle	 i love to tackle people in sports. 
chihuahua	 i own a chihuahua. 
romance languages	 i know the romance languages except spanish. 
bunch	 i have a bunch of kids. 
fourteen	 i came to the united sates when i was fourteen. 
midday	 the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons. 
slow	 i am a slow typist. 
caterpillars	 i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. 
life cycle	 i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. 
homeless	 on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter.   each month i help out at the homeless shelter.   i help homeless animals. 
jamieson	 jamieson is my liquor of choice. 
liquor	 jamieson is my liquor of choice. 
choice	 i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat.   i do not make the healthiest dietary choices.   i have made some bad choices in the past.   burnt umber and tangerine are some of my top colored pencil choices.   crimson is a hot choice.   i do not make healthy meal choices.   jamieson is my liquor of choice. 
good job	 a good job for me would be one where i organize books. 
milo	 milo is purring in my ear. 
purring	 milo is purring in my ear. 
mumble	 i mumble while asleep. 
sarcasm	 i do not understand sarcasm. 
queues	 i have queues. 
good times	 i love to remember good times. 
cleared	 i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. 
shelf	 i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. 
groupie	 sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star. 
deal	 i am in a long term deal.   my ideal job of journalism has died and now i am encouraging people to purchase appliances.   i work at an auto dealer.   my foster deals in laptops.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i like to deal in paint.   everyday , i deal with pain.   i bought a chevy at the dealer the other day. 
gymnast	 i am a gymnast. 
camping	 i like to go camping.   i enjoy camping in the wild.   i love to go camping. 
lose weight	 i would like to lose weight. 
diesels	 diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. 
gasoline	 diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. 
26	 i will be 26 next year.   i will be 26 this spring. 
hoarder	 i am kind of a pet hoarder. 
videotaping	 i love videotaping my dog doing cute stuff. 
showing up	 i have trouble showing up on time. 
on time	 i have trouble showing up on time. 
donating	 i own a business and i like donating whatever we cannot use. 
earnings	 i would rather put my earnings in the bank. 
coupons	 i like to use coupons. 
stay cold	 i would like to stay cold. 
tastes	 i have odd tastes in songs.   i enjoy making food that tastes good. 
penmanship	 i would like to have better penmanship. 
feminine	 i am feminine. 
extracurricular	 i participate in karate as an extracurricular. 
abby	 i have a few beagles and a tabby.   abby is a wonderful person. 
activity	 i am starting a new activity.   my favorite activity is working with canines. 
smoking	 i gave up smoking. 
long road	 i enjoy long road trips. 
road trips	 i enjoy long road trips. 
quirky	 i enjoy fun and quirky things.   i have quirky hidden talents. 
amphibians	 i like reptiles and amphibians. 
country club	 i belong to a country club. 
florida georgia line	 florida georgia line is one of my favorite bands. 
body builder	 my parent is a body builder. 
foot odor	 i have foot odor. 
hectic	 i have a hectic job. 
answering	 i spend a lot of time answering phones. 
vacations	 my vacations have all been on land. 
trip	 i like trips to the ocean.   i love striped mammals.   i want to be a large cat with stripes.   i could use a trip or a cruise.   some day i will live on the strip.   i have made 2 trips overseas.   i am married with triplets.   i enjoy long road trips.   i need a regular trip.   i like stripped animals. 
crush	 i have a crush on a young lady who does not know i exist. 
documentaries	 i make documentaries about video games. 
telecommuting	 i just began telecommuting. 
background	 you can see me in the background in some movies.   i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. 
process	 i can process information very quickly. 
pedals	 i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. 
coloring	 i like coloring hearts !. 
italian meals	 i like italian meals. 
sad	 i am a man pursuing a career as a brand ambassador in california.   sadly , my kitten fluffy passed away suddenly.   sadly , i reside far away from my mom and dad and siblings.   i love sad movies.   i do not like to be sad. 
good times	 i love to remember good times. 
emt	 i am employed as a emt. 
cubicle	 i work in a cubicle. 
corporations	 creating ideas for big corporations is what i like to do. 
cops	 the cops tend to watch me closer than others. 
cpa	 i recently became a cpa. 
mr	 i named my clydesdale mr ed.   i like mr happy. 
occurrence	 a twin is a rare occurrence. 
jk rowling	 i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. 
swimwear	 i dislike putting on swimwear. 
swimwear	 i dislike putting on swimwear. 
putting on	 i dislike putting on swimwear. 
wild animals	 i like wild animals. 
wild animal	 i like wild animals. 
dunder mifflin	 i work for dunder mifflin. 
logos	 i enjoy clothing with logos on it. 
broccoli	 i avoid eating broccoli. 
apple products	 dad will not let me buy apple products since he worked for their competitor. 
snickers	 give me a snickers bar any day.   i like snickers bar. 
chocolate bar	 i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. 
safe	 my work is in leadership at safeway.   i am employed in animal safety and rescue.   i am safe. 
young adult fiction	 i read a lot of young adult fiction. 
beach	 i enjoy living near the beach.   i hate the beach.   i traveled down south by the beach.   my house is by the beach.   i am good at beach sports.   i like to be at the beach.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic. 
attentive	 i am very attentive in class. 
drawing	 drawings of the sun are my favorite !.   i enjoy drawing. 
flashy	 i like flashy outfits.   i am flashy. 
sale	 i work in sales.   buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money. 
save	 buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i save lives.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar.   i can not spell to save my life. 
threads	 my threads are light. 
illustrate	 i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes. 
ponies	 i love the ponies cartoon. 
cartoon	 on evenings and weekends i enjoy televised sports and cartoons.   japanese cartoons are my favorites.   i am named after a cartoon fox.   cartoons with funny characters chasing each other amuse me.   i want to create cartoons for a major studio.   i enjoy various cartoons.   i enjoy seeing japanese cartoons.   i love the ponies cartoon.   i like the adult cartoons.   i watch cartoons still. 
canadian sports	 i like canadian sports. 
session	 wild horses as possessions is not a good idea.   i make my possessions last as long as possible.   i begin my last schooling session soon.   seeing the world is my obsession. 
tim	 i enjoy spending time with my toes in the sand.   warm weather is my favorite time of year.   i have been a wife for a short amount of time.   i have been with my significant other for a long time.   television viewing occupies most of my time.   i enjoy spending time in the water.   i hate overtime.   i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet.   i spend a lot of time on the computer.   i have a hard time seeing.   a long time ago , i had a lot of pets.   i enjoy going through novels in my spare time.   sometimes i have trouble breathing.   sometimes i will go for a walk or bike ride.   i feel awkward sometimes socially.   i spend a lot of time watching tv.   i spend time at the pool.   i am wildly optimistic.   playing a musical instrument is one of my past times.   iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner.   i love spending my free time in the sun with a good novel.   i am guilty alot of times.   i spend my time eating and watching tv.   i have been dating my significant other for a long time.   i enjoy time on the water.   i eat fish all the time.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.   i love my relatives and having a good time.   i feel like sometimes i am just pretending.   i used to work for the the daily times but i am no longer employed.   i am going to school full time.   sometimes i can be quite lazy.   my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type.   i spend time in the water everyday.   sometimes i just need time to myself.   i ike right before night time.   my job takes most of my time.   i spend my spare time in novels.   i play the trumpet in grade time.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i love wasting time on the internet.   i love santa time.   i like to spend time with my kids.   i am unable to keep employment for any considerable length of time.   i have a hard time forgiving myself.   sometimes i feel depressed.   i spend a lot of time writing.   my favorite time of day is when it is late.   i spend a lot of time at my job because i think feeding people is important.   i enjoy spending time in the kitchen.   i enjoy learning and spend a lot of time at the library.   i like being in my car for long periods of time.   i give my time to take canines out for exercise eight times per month.   i do laps all the time.   i am very reserved and timid.   i prefer to spend as much time barefoot as possible.   my mom and dad have been together for a long time.   sometimes i am a bit lazy.   i spend most of my spare time trying to improve the town.   i earned my degree in baltimore.   i have spent along time in love.   i spend my downtime on my macbook.   i spend a lot of time using netflix.   i spend a lot of time with my parents.   i lift weights four times a week.   i spend a lot of time on my looks.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   sometimes i just need to unwind.   a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing.   i spend a lot of time outside.   i like to spend time in the wilderness with those i love.   when i have free time i enjoy equestrian activities.   i spend a lot of my time at the mall where i work at dillards.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i have gotten sick at the start of everyday for a long time now.   my social life is limited for the time being.   i enjoy spending time with my children.   my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i dynamically flew into and ensnared people more than 127 times.   in my spare time i watch at least one film about 3 or 4 weeks around.   i watched our neighbors son a few times while she was away.   i like to spend time at restaurants.   i enjoy spending time with my girls.   i enjoy spending time on the water.   i can be sluggish at times.   i am not exclusively dating anyone , but i go out all the time.   i rent out my vehicle sometimes.   i love spending time with my pets.   i sometimes indulge in fast food.   i am a part time bouncer.   i went to this place where people dressed up as knights a couple of times.   i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature.   i enjoy tim mcgraw and rascal flatts.   i like to spend time with my puppy.   i spend a lot of time listening to my little man tate cd.   i love the heat and pool time.   i love to remember good times.   sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star.   i have trouble showing up on time.   i spend a lot of time using my xbox.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i am plotting going to germany sometime soon.   i never have any free time.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   animals are my favorite past time.   tim went to california.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i spend a lot of time transporting myself.   i play guitar in my spare time.   i like spending my time outside.   i do not enjoy spending time with people.   i like to spend time outside.   dusk is my favorite time of day.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds.   sometimes i get angry.   i have a hard time moving on.   i enjoy gambling sometimes.   i like to spend time in the kitchen.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i have a full time job.   winter is my favorite time of year.   i was so timid i did not go.   i enjoy spending time with my family.   sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments.   i spend time with books.   often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy.   i have a time consuming commute.   apartment living was nice but it is time to move on.   my ultimate goal would be calling a ball game.   i get offended by certain topics sometimes.   i have been away for a long time.   i am a part time service worker.   i am happy a lot of the time.   i spent my time reading.   i love spending time with my kids.   i sometimes go for a stroll outside.   christmas is not the most wonderful time of the year.   i spend a lot of time on my boat.   i donate my time to rescues.   the nighttime skies really cheer me up.   i would rather not spend my free time inside.   i was a pilot a long time ago.   i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
organic	 organic is the only way for me.   i consume organic. 
boxer	 i like the scot boxer. 
raising	 i dream about raising thoroughbreds. 
thoroughbreds	 i dream about raising thoroughbreds. 
themes	 i cannot help that i enjoy zombie themes shows. 
drug store	 i work in a drug store. 
bad kid	 i was a bad kid. 
mickey dees	 i flip burgers at mickey dees for a living. 
dig	 i am fond of indigo.   i have a extra digit.   i only have nine digits all together on my feet.   i am involved with digital currency.   i am missing digits.   my digits are large.   i dig huge guys. 
guys	 i enjoy horsing around with the guys.   seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome.   i dig huge guys. 
roommates	 i do not have roommates. 
distant	 i am distant. 
page	 i like to do pages on the web.   i am so over pageantry.   i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page. 
peculiar	 my closest , and best buddy is quite peculiar. 
wifi	 i have a great wifi system. 
vet	 i am a veteran.   i am a vet tech.   i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet.   i desire to be a vet as an adult.   i work at a veterinarians office. 
effort	 i believe it does not take extra effort to be nice. 
separated	 my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband. 
ones	 i enjoy computers and phones.   i love phones made by apple they are worth the money.   i like the rolling stones.   i do not like headphones that are in ear.   i am picky when it comes to smart phones.   i really like the rolling stones.   i have alot of loved ones.   i love to be with loved ones.   i like aqua tones.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i prefer warm tones.   i am all skin and bones.   my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones.   i spend a lot of time answering phones.   i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones.   my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness.   i love being with loved ones.   i like activities , but certain ones i like most. 
classic films	 i really enjoy watching classic films over the new ones. 
break	 i enjoy breakfast food.   i break out in a rash when i have dairy.   colored breakfast foods are not my favorite.   my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life.   i do not go a full week of employment without a break.   my significant other is always threatening to break up with me. 
spaghetti	 i love spaghetti.   i like to cook spaghetti. 
transporting	 i spend a lot of time transporting myself. 
flight	 my significant other is involved in space flight.   i took flight classes. 
mythical creatures	 i think that some mythical creatures exist. 
creatures	 i like to daydream about magical creatures.   i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket.   i like magic creatures.   i enjoy killing sea creatures.   one of my favorite memories is swimming with some ocean creatures.   i enjoy mythological creatures.   i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water.   i think that some mythical creatures exist.   i hunt water creatures from my canoe. 
bun	 i have a bunch of kids.   i like meat in a bun. 
waterfront properties	 the waterfront properties intrigue me. 
acrobat	 i am an acrobat. 
footwork	 i love a game where i can use my footwork. 
solitude	 i like my solitude.   i like solitude. 
immigrants	 my grandparents were immigrants. 
omelets	 omelets are what i usually have in the morning. 
tour	 i would go with a band when they tour the road.   i hope she enjoys tourist like activites. 
ask	 friends always ask me to reach things in high places.   i like to ask why.   i play professional basketball.   i play basketball and am very sucessful.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i have not been asked out before.   i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment.   i play basketball professionally.   i like to watch basketball.   i play basketball and football.   i love basketball. 
work up	 i want to get work up north. 
strict	 although my mother and father both speak with a german inflection , my dialect is strictly american.   i have a lot of dietary restrictions.   i find clothes restricting.   i should follow a stricter diet.   i have a very strict diet.   my dad has strict political beliefs. 
healthy foods	 i consume unhealthy foods.   i like to eat healthy foods. 
ham	 i hate ham.   i would eat a hamburger everyday if i could. 
episodes	 i enjoy watching many television episodes using platforms such as netflix. 
96	 i am in marriage for 96 months. 
drivers license	 i wish i had a drivers license. 
social media	 i have never met most of the people i have on my social media page. 
clinic	 i am an rn at a local clinic.   i study hard and hope to have my own dental clinic some day. 
levels	 i have health issues where i can not travel to higher levels. 
jock	 i am a jock.   i am a disc jockey on air. 
superheroes	 i like creating superheroes. 
afternoon hours	 i spend my afternoon hours relaxing. 
mermaid	 mermaids are my favorite.   my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo. 
finding nemo	 my favorite films are little mermaid and finding nemo. 
tuba	 i play the tuba. 
medical drama	 i enjoy medical drama movies. 
rehearsals	 i have rehearsals three nights a week. 
nirvana	 nirvana was one of my favorite bands. 
lists	 i enjoy making musical lists. 
peruse	 i like to be outside , but also to peruse books. 
typical	 i am a typical teenager.   my self expression is typically through painting. 
soulmate	 my puppy picked my two soulmates.   i met my soulmate in the pool. 
gynecologist	 i am studying to be a gynecologist. 
lilac	 i like the color lilac.   i like lilac and pink. 
doodle	 i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. 
afro	 dude has big afro. 
wavy	 i have a long wavy ponytail. 
dusk	 dusk is my favorite time of day. 
early 20s	 i am in my early 20s. 
advanced	 i am married to a man who is much more advanced in age. 
dangerous	 i like driving fast and dangerously.   i like living dangerously.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds. 
speeds	 i speed sometimes , sometimes at dangerous speeds. 
rate	 i like to celebrate with friends.   i curate art.   i can operate a car with a manual transmission.   i decorate my home with particular things.   a goal of mine is to operate aircraft.   karate and taekwondo are tough and dangerous sports.   i only can do exaggerated emotions.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   my partner and i have recently seperated.   i do not know how to operate a vehicle.   i do not eat carbohydrates.   i participate in karate as an extracurricular.   i illustrate my pals as different animals sometimes.   my son and daughter lived with me full time after i separated from my husband.   i love to redecorate my house by painting.   i immigrated to ca. 
canvas	 my body is a canvas. 
57	 at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female. 
classified	 at age 57 , i can be classified as a mature female. 
refreshes	 nature really refreshes me. 
urban center	 i reside in the nearest urban center. 
moving on	 i have a hard time moving on. 
orlando	 i plan on moving to orlando when i get old. 
record shop	 i own a record shop. 
felt	 i found the person that i felt i wanted to spend my life with. 
moon	 i love to jog when the moon is out.   i just got back from my honeymoon.   i moonlight as a banker. 
throwing balls	 i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops. 
throwing	 i hate throwing out plastic.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i enjoy throwing balls in the hoops.   i like throwing cash at my passions. 
marathoner	 i am a marathoner who races biannually. 
strength and weakness	 my dear ones are my biggest strength and weakness. 
natural colors	 i love natural colors. 
sleek	 i love those sleek italian cars. 
drawn	 i am very withdrawn.   i feel drawn to many objects. 
objects	 i feel drawn to many objects. 
treating others	 i believe in treating others equally. 
einstein	 i was named after einstein. 
received	 i have received accolades for my musical performances.   i recently received a promotion at my job. 
accolades	 i have received accolades for my musical performances. 
german shepherd	 i have a couple of german shepherd. 
leased	 my mode of transportation is leased. 
wolf	 my dog looks a little like a wolf. 
morning person	 i am not a morning person. 
pictures	 i love taking pictures.   i enjoy taking pictures.   i like to take pictures. 
electric bill	 i do not like a high electric bill. 
dirty	 i like the dirty birds.   i am not afraid to get dirty. 
refuse	 i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. 
minnesota	 i am a fan of the minnesota twins.   i am from minnesota. 
census	 on the census i check the box for being a white person. 
census	 on the census i check the box for being a white person. 
skate	 i enjoy skateboarding and going skiing.   i like to skate. 
chick	 how have i missed tandoori chicken and roti all these years ?.   i have chick.   i like to save chicken babies in vinegar. 
comic book	 i enjoy comic book heroes.   i like comic book heroes. 
tract	 i have hit alot of attractions.   i am sexually attracted to other women.   i am a smart attractive female. 
hotcakes	 i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. 
cake	 i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning.   i eat healthy and do not eat cakes , candy or sweets. 
spin class	 i love spin class. 
flexible	 i am very flexible. 
coronary	 my dad has coronary problems. 
chords	 after several years of lessons , i have mastered chords. 
compose	 i compose small movies.   i love the classic composers. 
self expression	 my self expression is typically through painting. 
shouting	 shouting is exciting. 
active imagination	 i have a very active imagination. 
ordering	 i love ordering from amazon. 
intention	 i intentionally say things that are not funny. 
amazon	 i love ordering from amazon. 
sip	 my favorite pastime is gossiping.   i sip beverages all week.   i enjoy sipping a lavish bottle of chardonnay. 
tidying	 i dislike tidying up. 
acrylics	 i do not enjoy using acrylics. 
lan	 jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill.   i have a lot of plants in my house.   i have grown some very large plants.   i like to make blankets.   my dream is to create a philanthropy app for the iphone.   i stand up for animals and the planet.   i enjoy riding around on a plank with wheels.   i love to use oils to create vivid landscapes.   i am from the home land.   i want to jump out of a plane.   i am a painter of landscapes.   i live in an urban maryland area.   i love my clan.   i enjoy language arts.   i love planning events.   i enjoy books and resting by inland bodies of water on saturdays and sundays.   i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years.   i jump out of airplanes.   she is a out door planter.   i want to live in an imaginary planet.   i plan to ask my girlfriend to marry me very soon.   i am a freelance artist.   i am planning ahead.   my clan backs up.   i like to feel balanced and at peace.   i fly a plane.   my grandmother came here from mexico so their language was my first language.   my plants are starting to bloom !.   i am originally from england.   i like to grow plants.   i plan on becoming a cop.   i am a fan of ac milan.   when i retire i would like to live in england.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   i work on the generational land.   i am fluent in 2 languages.   i have a clan.   i enjoy throwing a ball down a lane.   i have returned from visiting england.   i am also a landlord.   i enjoy flying by plane.   my dad sold plans for his job.   i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december.   i enjoy flying planes.   i provide assistance to students who are reading works created in england.   i own a piece of land.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i love the man who paints landscapes on television.   i know the romance languages except spanish.   my vacations have all been on land.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   i want to jump out of plane.   i plan on moving to orlando when i get old.   i am from a different lan.   i only eat plants.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i am going to an island soon.   the only beaches i have seen in this country are on the atlantic.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i live in the largest house in the island nation near china.   i am studying a new language in school.   i enjoy having lots of plants around.   i know sign language. 
shoot	 i shooting my meals.   i play first shooter video games.   i dream of shooting hoops in a foreign country.   i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl.   i began instruction on shooting bow and arrow , and it is fun. 
waterfowl	 i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl. 
notes	 i really pound out notes on the keyboard. 
keyboard	 i really pound out notes on the keyboard. 
keyboard	 i really pound out notes on the keyboard. 
louisiana	 i am from louisiana. 
full time job	 i have a full time job. 
picky eater	 i am not a picky eater. 
funk rock	 i like funk rock. 
sit	 i like to visit the border.   i did not graduate from university.   i am a student at the university.   i just started my current position.   i am in a university.   i am very sensitive.   i am currently attend indiana university.   i have only visited places in the us.   i recently relocated for a position.   the dr said no sitting up for me.   i take time off from work to visit a large northern body of water annually in june.   i love to visit thrift stores and find items from the late 1800s.   i am a positive person.   i enjoy sitting in front of the tv.   this is my first year at new york university.   i like to visit new places whenever i can.   i have a positive attitude.   i enjoy visiting places that are mexican culture.   i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures.   i enjoy peaceful sitting.   i am saving up to go to a four year university.   i am the opposite of a republican.   i am visiting an asian country for pleasure.   i am the child of a university instructor.   i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks.   i aspire to visit places different than where i live.   i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland.   i love to visit the store.   i watch a television sitcom starring a group of people close to one another.   i have returned from visiting england.   i would like to visit multiple locations across the nation in order to sharpen my photography skills.   i am almost done with university.   i recently left the university.   i am a nurse that deals with trauma situations.   i like to visit new places.   i use humor as a response to serious situations.   i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university.   i visited europe in june.   my position in the organization is well respected.   i visited the land of the rising sun.   sometimes i overreact too severely to situations.   i like to sit in front of the tv.   i have mental illness that was found when i was at university.   i am a science major at john hopkins university.   on saturdays , i visit art fairs.   i am energized by social situations.   one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries.   being unemployed leaves me sitting in my house all the time. 
half	 i am half a student.   after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged.   half way to retirement.   i am half a century. 
harvard	 i am a harvard alumni. 
skier	 i may be a skier , but i am afraid of tall mountains. 
musicianship	 i have loved musicianship as long as i can remember. 
save lives	 i save lives. 
olds	 i like to interact with molds.   i am a teacher for five year olds. 
tropical island	 i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working. 
54	 in 2 months i will be 54. 
mass	 i enjoy string instruments en masse.   i have a lot of body mass.   i enjoy massages. 
or use	 buying things on sale or used is a great way to save money.   i do not eat meat or use animal products. 
cowboy hat	 i have a cowboy hat. 
auto shop	 my dad worked in an auto shop.   i work in an auto shop. 
air guitar	 i play air guitar. 
fallout 4	 i love playing fallout 4. 
twentieth century	 i enjoy listening to bands who recorded in the twentieth century. 
drummer	 i am a drummer. 
fast cars	 i like fast cars. 
channing tatum	 channing tatum is the best actor !. 
best actor	 channing tatum is the best actor !. 
xbox one	 i own an xbox one. 
red robin	 red robin is my favorite place to eat. 
yellow dog	 i have a yellow dog. 
big bang theory	 i like big bang theory. 
drown	 i am afraid of drowning.   i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. 
inclined	 i am musically inclined. 
water sports	 i enjoy water sports. 
carmen	 carmen said that i am the best mommy. 
middle east	 my mom moved here from the middle east. 
long weekends	 i like long weekends. 
fantasizing	 sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments. 
moments	 sometimes , i find myself fantasizing at inopportune moments. 
freak	 certain things freak me out.   i am a clean freak.   i am a neat freak. 
love children	 i love children. 
nonsense	 i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories. 
junior	 i am a junior in high school.   i currently attend school at a local junior higher education institution. 
beginning	 i am just beginning my twenties. 
bespoke	 my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. 
coverings	 my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. 
king	 i am an expert at making food.   i enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together.   i am employed with a tv crew making educational material.   outside activities such as hiking are my favorites.   i find pleasure in cooking.   i like to be outdoors when i am not working.   i do not like working.   i enjoy baking.   i go walking with my kids outside.   i am looking fora job.   i love working with kids.   i need a motivational soundtrack when i am working out.   i am looking for a job.   i like making pasta.   i enjoy working at the movies.   i am making a place similar to jamba juice.   i enjoy making clothing.   working in outer space would be awesome !.   i will start working at a new place of employment soon.   i am done working ,.   i love italian cooking.   i like to unwind by walking fast.   i like working where i live.   i enjoy making food.   i love making things.   i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer.   i have been working for many years.   i take pride in using fresh produce when cooking.   i enjoy making other people laugh.   i enjoy working in the garden.   i am the bomb at food making.   i enjoy making things artistically.   i love cooking but i teach others for a living.   i am making a scarf for my daughter.   i do well speaking to others.   i am working in electronics at a retail store.   i am employees in the baking industry.   i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.   i should start thinking about which colleges to apply to soon.   i eat at burger king five times a week.   i can make wooden rocking chairs.   i am a hard working individual.   i like working with animals.   my family is hard working.   i am working on a book.   i have been working in the same place for nearly a decade.   i hate finding different parking spaces in places i do not know.   walking through the mall is fun.   i am always working out.   i am single and looking.   saturday night i go drinking.   i like making a salmon entree.   i am always working as a mother.   i like cooking for people.   i am working on my internet career.   i am fond of baking desserts.   i am working to improve artificial intelligence.   i enjoy making things.   walking in the woods is one of my hobbies.   working is not a high priority for me at the moment.   my mos was working in school.   i enjoy art and working with crayons.   i love to visit magic kingdom annually.   hiking is one of my favorite pass times.   making cookies is fun.   i enjoy taking mathematics.   i always liked making food.   i enjoy making people pretty.   you are looking at the commander in chief !.   i enjoy speaking in different languages.   making memories with my loved ones is a big priority for me.   i love taking pictures.   i accelerate in working with farm animals.   i love making people happy no matter where i am.   i like to spend time drinking mediocre coffee.   i enjoy making different sauces for pasta.   i enjoy making music with my mouth.   i am working on my mba.   i enjoy taking pictures.   my favorite movie is lion king.   buster will not stop barking at the neighbors.   i enjoy walking the trails.   cooking is my passion !.   i enjoy walking my canine friend.   i like making clothes with needles and thread.   baking tarts relaxes me.   i plan to school others in speaking.   i like walking on ice.   i enjoy working with children.   my career is in the banking industry.   my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.   my career involves working to better the earth.   i am looking for a new career.   i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle.   i am currently looking for a new home.   i gave up smoking.   i enjoy making food that tastes good.   i have mom and dad working in the educational system as a educator.   i like baking exclusive treats.   i enjoy making musical lists.   i am looking for a new spouse.   i like looking at the sky.   my favorite activity is working with canines.   i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working.   i enjoy taking long walks outside.   i never hope to stop working no matter how old i become.   i do not like king sized beds.   i love walking in the woods.   i am looking for a new house.   i am no longer working.   i enjoy making small toy wheeled vehicle challenge other drivers of such vehicles.   i need aide walking.   i loved talking about space as kid.   i am very good at speaking different languages.   i am not great at speaking in the us.   i grew up milking cows every morning.   i enjoy walking through nature when the weather is warm.   i am looking for a husband.   i like working with numbers.   i enjoy working. 
beds	 i do not like king sized beds. 
dominoes	 dominoes specializes in what i like best. 
sort	 i am sort of a celebrity. 
gummy bears	 i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. 
orthodontist	 to my dismay , my mother insisted that i receive treatment from an orthodontist. 
rifle	 i enjoy taking my rifle into the woods to find deer. 
devouring	 i started devouring books at an early age. 
teach in	 i teach in elementary school. 
subdued	 i like cool and subdued colors. 
friendly	 service in a friendly well known environment is something i enjoy.   i am not friendly. 
valentines day	 often times on valentines day i find myself eating the whole box of candy. 
peanut	 i cannot eat even one peanut due to allergy. 
old fashion	 my favorite hobbies are based on old fashioned life skills.   i enjoy being old fashion. 
owning	 i am afraid of drowning.   i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank. 
fish tank	 i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank. 
cop	 i plan on becoming a cop.   the cops tend to watch me closer than others. 
other people live	 other people live with me. 
irritated	 i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. 
stuck	 i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. 
dozens	 i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. 
cardio	 i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout. 
graduates	 i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to. 
